What is a Fenqing ?
EVBCorpus
What is a Fenqing ?
I personally like to call them mob youth or ignorant angry youth .
Fenqing is someone who is usually below twenty years of age , though sometimes people who are at their twenties or older can also be identified as Fenqing .
The fact that most Fenqing are ignorant of many things determines their opinions and views of the world and China .
Fenqing believe these three things are basically the same thing .
Fenqing believe everything can be readily sacrificed to achieve " the grand goal " .
Fenqing do know or care they are in fact tax payers and has a right to know how their tax money is spent .
America is bad , bad and bad because Bush is bad .
Western countries led by the U.S. are trying to encircle and contain China .
Fenqing are often spontaneous , but it is easy to fan up their blind fervency - just tell them China has been attacked .
China is the longest continuation of a civilization , and for centuries , it was leading the world by its economic development and technological inventions .
Undeniably , this is the root of Chinese patriotism and nationalism .
Fenqing are not qualified to be called patriots for the simple reason they are ignorant of three simple political concepts I mentioned above .
When I played a movie about the war in Iraq - No End in Sight - to a group of young college students , a student came up to me and said :
I was surprised to hear what she said , and told her what Saddam did to Kurdish population in northern Iraq and the fact that he was once supported by the U.S. government during Iran-Iraq War .
EVBCorpus
The flower were introduced in the westen Europe and the Netherlands in the 17th century by Carolus Clusius , a famous biologist from Vienna .
He had seen the beautiful flower , called tulip after the Turkish word for turban , grow in the palace gardens and sent a few to Clusius for his garden in Leiden .
The interest for the flower were huge and bulbs were sold for unbelievable high prices .
In the months of late 1636 to early 1637 there was a complete " Tulipmania " in the Netherlands .
The bulbs was usually sold by weight while they were still in the ground .
Over-supply led to lower prices and dealers went bankrupt and many people lost their savings because of the trade .
The healthy flower were supposed to be solid , smooth and monotone .
Coroner 's preliminary finding : Jackson overdosed on propofol
Coroner 's preliminary finding : Jackson overdosed on propofol
A search warrant filed in court showed toxicology reports found propofol in Michael Jackson 's body .
Jackson family lawyer Londell McMillan said the report " reaffirms the very sad reality that there was a tragic and gross violation of duty and care for Michael Jackson . "
" The Jackson family has full confidence in the legal process , and commends the ongoing efforts of the L.A. County Coroner , the L.A. District Attorney and the L.A. Police Department , " the statement said .
The Associated Press is quoting a single law enforcement official , who said the L.A. County Coroner ruled Michael Jackson 's death a homicide .
An LAPD spokesman said the story did not come from their department .
" We will not comment on the " anonymous " law enforcement source that claims that Michael Jackson 's death will be ruled a homicide , " Murray 's lawyer Ed Chernoff said in a statement on his firm 's Website .
Murray said each night he gave Jackson 50 mg of propofol , also known as Diprivan , diluted with the anesthetic lidocaine via an intravenous drip .
But on June 25 , other drugs failed to do the job , as Murray recounted to detectives in an hour-by-hour account detailed by detective Orlando Martinez of the Los Angeles Police .
At about 5 a.m. , he administered another 2 mg of Ativan .
After approximately 10 minutes , Murray stated he left Jackson 's side to go to the restroom .
Shortly after Murray said he found Jackson not breathing , Murray was on the phone with three separate callers starting at 11:18 a.m. and ending at 12:05 p.m. , according to the court documents which cite the doctor 's phone records .
However , unfortunately , much is police theory .
He also never said that he waited a mere 10 minutes before leaving to make several phone calls .
The document also cited reports from staff at the University of California at Los Angeles Medical Center , where Jackson 's body was taken , who said Murray " admitted " to having given Jackson flumazenil to counteract the Ativan .
Detectives ... believe that the miscellaneous prescriptions , from multiple doctors ... could have contributed to his death .
Jackson also told Murray about two unknown doctors in Germany who gave him propofol .
Many of the drugs have an indicated or off label use in the treatment of insomnia , the affidavit said .
Murray took the job as Jackson 's personal physician in May , as the pop star was preparing for a series of comeback concerts set to begin in July at London 's O2 arena .
According to the documents , the DEA has been unable to find a record of Dr. Murray purchasing , ordering or obtaining any propofol under his medical license or DEA number .
Helen Keller , 1880-1968 : " I Try to Make the Light in Others ' Eyes My Sun "
It made her completely blind and deaf .
For the next five years she had no way of successfully communicating with other people .
She taught her how to use her hands as a way of speaking .
Helen also learned how to ride a horse , to swim , to row a boat and , even to climb trees .
The spirit of spring seemed to be passing in my room .
There it was , shaking in the warm sunshine .
I climbed higher and higher until I reached a little seat .
Strangely enough she discovered this in a different kind of tree .
We stopped to rest two or three times .
It was so cool up in the tree we decided to have lunch there .
A strange odor came up to me from the earth .
I wanted to get down from that tree quickly .
I almost fell .
I held her with all my strength then shook with joy to feel the solid earth under my feet .
More than anything , Helen wanted to do what others did , and do it just as well .
Miss Sullivan and others had to teach her what was in these books by forming words in her hands .
During her second year at college , Miss Keller wrote the story of her life and what college meant to her .
I wanted to learn if it was as good as that of others .
To know what great men of the past have thought , said and done is to feel the heartbeat of humanity down through the ages .
Out of a world of darkness and silence , Helen Keller brought hope to millions
Out of a world of darkness and silence , Helen Keller brought hope to millions
She could not see or hear .
Her father , Arthur Keller , was a captain in the army of the South during the American Civil War .
Until she was a year-and-one-half old , Helen Keller was just like any other child .
It was a strange sickness that made her completely blind and deaf .
From that time until she was almost seven years old , Helen could communicate only by making signs with her hands .
No one could stop her from doing it .
She screamed and struggled when her mother tried to control her .
But the doctor said he could do nothing to help Helen .
She herself had once been almost completely blind .
The secret to the names was the letters that formed them .
First , she had to be taught how to obey , and how to control her anger .
The first night I arrived I gave Helen a doll .
She was quick to learn , but she was also quick in anger .
Instead of continuing to learn , she picked up the doll and threw it on the floor .
She even put her hands in our plates and ate our food .
Helen was on the floor , kicking , screaming and trying to pull the chair out from under me .
This continued for half an hour or so .
After a few minutes of this , she went to her place at the table and began to eat with her fingers .
She threw it on the floor .
But it was painful to her family to see their deaf and blind child punished .
That night I could not make her get into bed .
Two weeks later , she had become a gentle child .
Helen learned quickly .
But she had no idea what the words meant .
All the time , I was busy forming letters and words in her hand with my fingers .
I put Helen 's hand under the cool water and formed the word w-a-t-e-r in her other hand .
Helen looked straight up at the sky as if a lost memory or thought of some kind was coming back to her .
It awakened her spirit , gave it light and hope .
I told her .
From that time on Helen left the house each day , searching for things to learn .
Each new name brought new thoughts .
One day , Helen remembered a doll she had broken .
She understood what she had done and was not happy .
All day Miss Sullivan kept touching Helen 's hand , spelling words that gave Helen a language .
In time , Helen showed she could learn foreign languages .
Helen was able to learn many things , not just languages .
But Helen wanted to keep trying .
Helen traveled a lot with her family or alone with Miss Sullivan .
In eighteen eighty-eight , Helen , her mother and Miss Sullivan went to Boston , Massachusetts .
They visited the Perkins Institution where Miss Sullivan had learned to teach .
In Helen 's first experience with the ocean , she was caught by a wave and pulled under the water .
Three years after Helen started to communicate with her hands , she began to learn to speak as other people did .
She never forgot these days .
Only the deaf can understand how I felt when my dog obeyed my spoken command .
But they proved to be just the beginning of her many successes .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Here 's a look at Avatar .
You are not in Kansas anymore .
To get it , however , they have to go through ... or get rid of ... the Pandora natives : a tall , blue-skinned tribe called the Navi .
With his mind electronically linked to his Avatar body , Jake not only can walk again and survive in the toxic atmosphere of Pandora , he can also make direct contact with the Navi .
Canadian-born Cameron spent years developing a performance capture ' technology for their Avatar characters .
Cameron explains that those captured performances are the key to making computer-generated digital characters that audiences see come " alive " .
I work with actors , notes Cameron .
Cameron also pioneered a realistic 3D technology that requires the audience to wear special glasses ; but Sam Worthington says it puts them with him in the action .
By doing that , the veneer of remembering it is a CG character starts to dissolve and you see the spirit .
We had to do it so every jump and smash and roll and smirk and glimmer and kiss we did .
Writer-director Cameron also acknowledges that what the humans try to do on the fictional Pandora is a clear metaphor for what he believes are the dangers of exploitation on our own planet ; and he believes that is warning science fiction film_can deliver :
I think that Avatar was an attempt to merge science fiction back to its roots of having a warning .
Avatar also features science-fiction veteran Sigourney Weaver as the scientist who creates the program to learn about and understand the Navi .
The soundtrack music is composed by James Horner , whose previous collaborations with James Cameron include the multiple Oscar-winning Titanic .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Long , long ago in Vietnam there lived an ancient King , his name was King Hung .
King Vuong being a wise and caring King thought very hard about this problem and in due course came upon a solution .
So , I have devised a plan to determine which of you shall rule after my passing .
King Vuong continued ; " I would like each of you to provide for me a dish of food , you must search for the ingredients and make the dish and serve it to me on the last day of this Lunar Month , and on the basis of this dish I will decide who is to be the ruler of our Kingdom . "
They knew that this was a very wise pronouncement of their King because Vietnam with its large population and small land area must always give attention to food production to make sure that each person is well fed and healthy .
The three brothers stared in disbelief ; " How could our father suggest such a method of deciding ? " .
Within days the two elder brothers had organized their servants and carriages and were racing all over Vietnam and even to other parts of South East Asia to find the most delectable and delicious ingredients for the dish .
By the end of the Lunar Month each of the brothers had prepared their dishes and came before the whole of the Vietnamese royal court and their wise father King to present it .
Again all the court watched the father place the cauldron on the table .
King Hung said , " Prince Tiet Lieu , tell me why you have chosen to present me with such a simple rice cake ? "
I have prepared a dish that represents my love for you and our beautiful Vietnam .
I have cooked a square rice cake , stuffed it with cooked bean paste and ground meat in the middle and called it Banh Chung .
After that , King Hung ordered that this recipe be passed out to all people in his kingdom .
Tết Nguyên Đán
Tết Nguyên Đán , more commonly known by its shortened name Tết , is the most important and popular holiday and festival in Vietnam .
It takes place from the first day of the first month of the Lunar calendar ( around late January or early February ) until at least the third day .
Many Vietnamese prepare for Tết by cooking special holiday foods and cleaning the house .
Vietnamese visit their relatives and temples , forgetting about the troubles of the past year and hoping for a better upcoming year .
Vietnamese people usually return to their families during Tết .
Although Tết is a national holiday among all Vietnamese , each region and religion has its own customs .
Before New Year 's Eve
People try to pay off their debts in advance so that they can be debt-free on Tết .
In the days leading up to Tết , the streets and markets are full of people .
Vietnamese families usually have a family altar , to pay respect to their ancestors .
Pomelos promise a lucky and sweet year .
During Tết the altar is thoroughly cleaned and new offerings are placed there .
In the days leading up to Tết , each family cooks special Tet foods such as bánh chưng and bánh dầy .
The first day is reserved for the nuclear family .
This tradition is called mừng tuổi in the north and lì xì in the south .
The act of being the first person to enter a house on Tết is called xông đất , xông nhà or đạp đất , which is one of the most important rituals during Tết .
Sweeping during Tết is taboo or unlucky , since it symbolizes sweeping the luck away .
During subsequent days , people visit relatives and friends .
Children are free to spend their new money on toys or on gambling games such as bầu cua cá cọp in the streets .
There are also public performances for everyone to watch .
Traditionally , each family displays cây nêu , an artificial New Year Tree consisting of a bamboo pole 5 to 6 m long .
At Tết every house is usually decorated by Ochna integerrima ( in the central and southern parts of Vietnam ) or peach flower ( in the northern part of Vietnam ) or hoa ban ( in mountain areas ) .
In the north , some people ( especially the elite in the past ) also decorate their house with a Prunus mume tree ( also called mai in Vietnam ) .
In the north or central , the kumquat tree is a popular decoration for the living room during Tết .
They also hung up Dong Ho Paintings and thư pháp .
People also wish each other prosperity and luck .
Security , good health , and prosperity
May a myriad things go according to your will
Congratulations and be prosperous
Food
Some of the food is also eaten year-round , while other dishes are only eaten during Tết .
Some traditional food on Tết are :
Bánh chưng ( rectangular ) and bánh giầy ( circular ) are symbolically connected with Tết and are essential in any Tết celebration .
The story of their origins and their connection with Tết is often recounted to children while cooking them overnight .
Hạt Dưa : roasted watermelon seeds , also eaten during Tết .
Cầu Dừa Đủ Xoài - In southern Vietnam , popular fruits used for offerings at the family altar in fruit arranging art are the soursop , coconut , papaya , and mango , since they sound like " cầu vừa đủ xài " , we pray for enough money to spend in the southern dialect of Vietnamese .
People are delighted to enjoy exciting games during Tết : bầu cua , cờ tướng , ném còn , chọi trâu , đá gà , marshmallow toss , etc .
They also participate in some competitions presenting their knowledge , strength and aestheticism such as : bird competition and ngâm thơ competition .
Customs and taboos
Because of the idea that the beginning will affect the middle and the end of the year , Vietnamese people avoid doing bad things and try to do good things during Tết holiday .
One should buy a lot of water for Tết , because people wish for money to flow like water currents in a stream ( proverb : " Tiền vô như nước " ) .
Don'ts
One should n't hurt or kill animals or plants but should set them free .
One should n't let the broom in confusion if people do n't want it to be stolen .
One should n't have duck meat because it brings unluckiness .
One should n't let the rice-hulling mill go empty because it symbolizes failed crops .
One should n't refuse anything others give or wish you during Tết .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
That was long , long ago !
Claudius wanted to have a big army .
As you might have guessed , not many men signed up .
He had a crazy idea .
I thought it was preposterous !
One of my favorite activities was to marry couples .
It was really quite exciting .
It was scary !
I was thrown in jail and told that my punishment was death .
Wonderful things happened .
One of these young people was the daughter of the prison guard .
Sometimes we would sit and talk for hours .
I signed it , " Love from your Valentine " .
It was written on the day I died , February 14 , 269 A.D .
Top 7 Romantic Valentines Flowers Day
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Flowers are possibly the most romantic token of your love and affection !
Cliched perhaps , but still very romantic .
Stay away from yellow , these ones mean friendship and are n't very romantic at all !
This simple flower really symbolizes the perfection of your love , with its sculpted petals and beautiful cup .
3 . Lilies .
4 . Lilacs .
Traditionally available in hues ranging from soft lavender to dark purple , lilacs have now been bred to come in white and pink as well , all beautiful romantic shades .
Some carnations even have dual colors , with the outer edge of the petals in red or pink while the main flower is white .
6 . Orchids .
7 . Wildflowers .
Giving wildflowers for Valentine 's Day is sure to impress your girl as it is a very romantic gesture .
EVBCorpus
Some 3,000 local residents attended the Huyen Tran Temple Festival which kicked off on February 21 at the complex of temples in the central city of Hue 's Ngu Phong Mountain to worship Huyen Tran Princess and her father , King Tran Nhan Tong ( 1308 ) .
Deputy President Nguyen Thi Doan joined a ritual ceremony and lit incense to pray for peace , prosperity in this new lunar year of the Tiger .
Hue province first hosted the Huyen Tran Temple Festival in 2008 .
The festival also include a conference on the role of women in preserving national culture , an orchestral performance of songs featuring Hue City , a flower contest , and a kungfu performance .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Spring is festival season in Vietnam , attracting crowds of people from all over the world .
Reporter : Going on a pilgrimage and taking part in festivals early in the lunar New Year is a Vietnamese tradition .
Culture , sports and tourism festivals are a new festive form , which has developed rapidly since Vietnam 's international integration .
On Feb 3 , the Ministry issued Instruction No 16 on managing religious activities at relicsites .
Why is that ?
Despite the strong development of culture , sports and tourism festivals around the country , many of these are held in an uninspired way without any local cultural flavour .
Many traditional festivals last too long and do not feature any specific cultural identity .
The ministry has authorized cultural departments at root levels to develop a website to introduce festivals to help people both here and abroad gain a better understanding of the festivals .
Mr Bao : Building the festivals began in 2008 .
Mr Bao : They should learn more about the traditional festivals , follow their regulations , and be environmentally conscious .
55th anniversary of Vietnamese Physicians ' Day
The medical sector should renew the operation mechanism , especially the financial mechanism , promote the integration of healthcare services , said Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung .
On the occasion , he also conferred the " People 's Physician " to 73 selected outstanding doctors to honour their contributions over the last year .
So far , he said , Vietnam 's human development index has constantly increased over the last two decades .
Significant historical events in the year of the tiger
The tiger is also known as the god of the mountain forest and the king of all kinds of animals .
The year of tiger in 906 , Khuc Thua Du led insurgent troops to against the Chinese Tang aggressor , take over Dai La Citadel proclaiming himself Governor .
He issued laws , renamed administrative units and divided mandarins into two groups – civil and military .
The year of tiger in 1158 , mandarin Nguyen Quoc advised King Ly Anh Ton to set a glass box at the royal court so that mandarins and the people could file complaints , denunciations and petitions on paper .
The same year , the dynasty also revised some articles in its existing laws .
The examination was held every seven years to select the top 30 candidates .
The year of tiger in 1506 , the Le dynasty launched a large examination at Giang Vo royal court .
The year of tiger in 1650 , businesspeople from France , Italy , Portugal , the Netherlands and Japan were allowed to extend their stay in Thanh Tri village on the outskirt of Hanoi , to run their businesses in the capital .
The year of tiger in 1782 , three brothers , Nguyen Nhac , Nguyen Hue and Nguyen Lu , launched an uprising in 1771 that ousted the Trinh-Le regime in the north and eventually toppled the Nguyen Lord in the south .
The year of tiger in 1806 , Nguyen Anh took the throne and named himself Gia Long , becoming the first King of the last feudal dynasty in Vietnam 's history .
The year of tiger in 1866 , the Truong Quyen insurgent army coordinated with the Pokum Pao insurgent army to fight French invaders .
The year of tiger in 1986 , the 6th National Party Congress was held , opening a new chapter for national renewal process .
A variety of activities will also be held to mark the 1,000th anniversary of Thang Long Hanoi and the 80th anniversary of the establishment of the Vietnam National Unified Front .
Marking International Women 's Day
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
International Women 's Day is celebrated every year on March eighth .
The United Nations says one in five women will be the victim of a sexual assault in their lifetime.
Poverty , food insecurity and access to education are also major issues affecting women .
National Woman 's Day was first celebrated in the United States on February twenty eighth , 1909 .
More than one million women and men attended events in Austria , Denmark , Germany and Switzerland during the first International Women 's Day in 1911 .
This includes China , Russia , Bulgaria and Vietnam .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
British singer Adele and Kanye West picked up seven nominations apiece .
Perry , who married comedian Russell Brand last year , was also nominated for best female video , best collaboration , best art direction and best cinematography .
In the video of the year category - considered to be the most prominent award of the night - Perry will compete alongside Adele , Mars , the Beastie Boys and Tyler The Creator .
Mars and West will do battle in the best male video category , alongside Justin Bieber , Cee-Lo Green and Eminem .
Oscar triumph for Hurt Locker
The Hurt Locker about bomb disposal teams in Iraq won six awards including best picture , and Kathryn Bigelow became the first woman to win the Oscar for best director .
Jeff Bridges won for Crazy Heart , Sandra Bullock for The Blind Side .
The History of Titanic Disaster
The History of Titanic Disaster
Although no one knew it , the world was about to change drastically .
If the concept of Titanic was the climax of the age , then perhaps its sinking was the curtain that marked the end of the old drama , and the start of a new one .
The intensely competitive transatlantic steamship business had seen recent major advances in ship design , size and speed .
The first two were to be named Olympic and Titanic , the latter name chosen by Ismay to convey a sense of overwhelming size and strength .
During the two years it took to complete Titanic 's hull , the press was primed with publicity about the ship 's magnificence , making Titanic virtually a legend before her launch .
As the date of her maiden voyage approached , the completed Olympic suffered a collision and required extensive repairs , increasing the workload at Harland Wolff , which was already struggling to complete Titanic on schedule .
The Ship
She was the largest movable object ever made by man .
Moreover , she was designed to be a marvel of modern safety technology .
First class passengers would glide down a six-story , glass-domed grand staircase to enjoy haute cuisine in the sumptuous first class dining saloon that filled the width of the ship on D Deck .
Even the third class ( steerage ) cabins were more luxurious than the first class cabins on some lesser steamships , and boasted amenities ( like indoor toilet facilities ) that some of Titanic 's emigrant passengers had not enjoyed in their own homes .
The Voyage of Titanic
The journey began at Southampton on Wednesday April 10 , 1912 at Noon .
She was so massive that they barely felt the movement of the sea at all .
The winter of 1912 had been unusually mild , and unprecedented amounts of ice had broken loose from the arctic regions .
The New Disaster was born
By all accounts , the night was uncommonly clear and dark , moonless but faintly glowing with an incredible sky full of stars .
The sea was , likewise , unusually calm and flat , " like glass " said many survivors .
He notified the bridge and First Officer Murdoch ordered the ship turned hard to port .
The ship turned slightly , but it was much too large , moving much too fast , and the iceberg was much too close .
EVBCorpus
Sir Alex Ferguson hopes for Wigan favour
United 's 1-0 win at Sunderland ensured the crown will be won on the final day of the season on Sunday when his team host Stoke and Wigan visit Chelsea .
" I would n't say it 's a sealed result against Wigan by any shadow of a doubt , " said Ferguson .
" They 're a good team , they 'll have a go and you never know .
" All we can do is win our home game .
But the Blues remain favourites to win their first title since 2006 and end United 's run of three in a row .
Phelan admits Man Utd are underdogs for title
There was a lot of pressure on this game and on us but we had a good control of our emotion , " said the Italian coach , seeking to win the title in his first season in England .
Now the team is fit and showing good personality we have to train for a week and wait .
EVBCorpus
Wigan manager Roberto Martinez promises to push Chelsea
Wigan stand between the Blues and the Premier League crown , with Chelsea a point ahead of United , who face Stoke and will be hoping Wigan draw or win .
However , victory could result in them moving up one place to 14th in the table , thereby earning an extra £750,000 in prize money from the Premier League .
" But this season we have shown that on our day we can go and get a result against anyone .
We will enjoy the experience because for our young players it will be a unique moment .
" They 're a good team , they 'll have a go and you never know .
EVBCorpus
Manchester United boss is adamant that his team will return stronger next year .
Ferguson has applauded Ancelotti and his team on a great achievement , but insists that United will come back stronger next year .
" We have won it the last three years so we know how hard it is .
Even though United narrowly missed out on a record 19th league title this season , Ferguson still considers his side 's Champions League quarter-final exit at the hands of Bayern Munich as the Red Devils ' biggest disappointment of the season .
We should have been in the final because we were the better team and just did not have the luck on the night . "
" There is a great expectancy at Manchester United .
Top 20 Unsolved Mysteries ( part 1 )
This list comprises the most famous unsolved mysteries known to man that really defy rational explanation or are just strange .
The shroud of Turin is a linen cloth bearing the image of a man who had apparently died of crucifixion .
Radiocarbon tests date it to the middle ages , however apologists for this shroud believe it is incorrupt – and carbon dating can only date things which decay .
Based on history , forensic pathology , blood chemistry ( the Sudarium also is reported to have type AB blood stains ) , and stain patterns , he concluded that the\is two cloths covered the same head at two distinct , but close moments of time .
Her original name was " Amazon " .
Over the next 10 years she was involved in several accidents at sea and passed through a number of owners .
The new captain of Mary Celeste was Benjamin Briggs , 37 , a master with three previous commands .
On November 7 , 1872 the ship departed New York with Captain Briggs , his wife , young daughter and a crew of eight .
The ship was loaded with 1700 barrels of raw American alcohol bound for Genoa , Italy .
There were no signs of struggle on board and all documents except the captain’s log were missing .
However , this bodies were apparently never identified .
The Taos Hum is a low-pitched sound heard in numerous places worldwide , especially in the USA , UK , and northern europe .
In 1997 Congress directed scientists and observers from some of the most prestigious research institutes in the nation to look into a strange low frequency noise heard by residents in and around the small town of Taos , New Mexico .
To this day no one knows the cause of the hum .
In 1947 the body of 22 year old Elizabeth Short was found in two pieces in a parking lot in Los Angeles .
In either case , Short was not generally known as the Black ” during her .
The Count of St Germain ( allegedly died February 27 1784 ) was a courtier , adventurer , inventor , amateur scientist , violinist , amateur composer , and a mysterious gentleman ; he also displayed some skills with the alchemy .
He was known as " Der Wundermann " — " The Wonderman " .
Since his death , various occult organizations have adopted him as a model figure or even as a powerful deity .
( Note that St Germain was never regarded as a saint by the Roman Catholic Church – the st before his name refers to his home ) .
The Voynich Manuscript is a medieval document written in an script and in an unknown language .
However , the puzzling details of illustrations have fueled many theories about the book’s origins , the contents and the purpose .
7 . Jack the Ripper
In the later half of 1888 , London was terrorised by a series of murders in the east end ( largely in the Whitechapel area ) .
In some cases , bodies were discovered just minutes after the ripper had left the scene .
The police at that time had many suspects but could never find sufficient evidence to convict anyone .
Even with modern police methods , no further light has been shed on the murders in recent times .
The Bermuda triangle is an area of water in the North Atlantic Ocean in which a large number of planes and boats have gone missing in mysterious circumstances .
Over the years many explanations have been put forward for this disappearances including bad weather , alien abductions , time warps , and suspension of the laws of physics .
Although substantial documentation exists to show that many of the reports have been exaggerated , there is still no explanation for the unusually large number of disappearances in this area .
The Zodiac killer was active in Northern California for ten months in the late 1960s .
He comitted the first two murders with a pistol , just inside the Benecia border .
One month three letters were sent to Newspapers in California containing a cypher that the killer claimed would give them his name .
The cypher was decrypted to read :
While Arthur Leigh Allen was the prime suspect , all of the evidence was against him being the killer .
She was wearing a brown overcoat and a scarf on her head ( the scarf is the reason for her name as she wore it in a similar style to Russian grandmothers – also called babushkas ) .
This woman appeared to be holding something in front of her face which is believed to be a camera .
Even after the shooting when most people had fled this area , she remained in place and continued to film .
The FBI publically requested that the woman come forward and give them the footage she shot but she never did .
She is generally regarded as a fraud .
More unusual is her refusal to come forward to offer her evidence .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
With the boost to construction and surge in visitors it brings , the Games would seem certain to lift the UK back into growth .
It was 1948 and the country was reeling from six years of war that had drained the national coffers .
Last week official figures showed the economy had sunk deeper into recession .
The grand building , a stone 's throw from Buckingham Palace , is the setting for a frantic round of meetings over the coming fortnight as the government uses the Games to bang the drum for British business .
With the official cost to the taxpayer around £9bn , the coalition want the London Olympics to provide more than world records .
There was also an impressive roll-call of business leaders , with Google chairman Eric Schmidt sharing a platform with Cisco 's John Chambers .
As they savoured dishes such as crab salad and vanilla cream with Cox apple jelly , the Mayor of London , Boris Johnson , provided the soundtrack , extolling the virtues of the capital city .
" This government is very focused on unleashing the creativity of young entrepreneurs . "
" Global companies are going to go where the growth is ," said Schmidt .
Chambers added ominously : " Jobs will move with tremendous speed .
Last week 's GDP figures revealed a startling 0.7 % contraction in the three months to June .
But the Games are not an economic policy . "
The anticipation of extra revenue from foreign visitors , economists say , also fails to take into account visitors who might have come to the UK anyway and just change the timing of their visit .
The impact of infrastructure projects has " already been felt " , he says , while the contribution of travel and tourism to the UK 's £1.5 trillion economy is predicted to remain flat at around £102bn .
The Australians probably did this better than anybody else when it came to the Sydney Olympics in 2000 .
The influx of foreign sports fans as well as Britons stocking up on cold beer and souvenirs is expected to at least make the next set of GDP figures more palatable for George Osborne : Capital Economics predicts the economy will grow by 0.7 % in the third quarter , cancelling out the dire second quarter .
Louis Van Gaal : Bayern Munich Try To Play Attractive Football Unlike Inter
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Bayern Munich coach Louis van Gaal has told the press that he believes Jose Mourinho doesn't teach his Inter how to play attractive football .
Mourinho worked as Van Gaal 's assistant at Barcelona early in his career .
Finally , the old commented on Mourinho 's style of play , suggesting Inter have no desire attractive approach to the game .
1 ) Diego Milito
President Massimo Moratti’s dream has been realised in no small part due to his efforts .
2 ) Bayern’s Weak Defense
In the first instance , he beat Martin Demichelis in the air before playing a go with Wesley Sneijder and completed his brace when he left Daniel van Buyten for dead .
Of course both sides had their motivations , but in reality it may have propelled the Beneamata further than the Bavarians on the day .
Eto’o determined to succeed somewhere other than Barcelona , Lucio resolute in overcoming the side that let him go , Sneijder unwavering in his goal to succeed at the Santiago Bernabeu , the list goes on ...
5 ) Jose Mourinho
His time in Serie A was anything but smooth , but in the end it was a boost for himself , the club and the country .
EVBCorpus
" High Kick without Hesitation " was a popular South Korean situation comedy revolving around the life of the Lee family , taking place in Seoul at the same time as the broadcast ( Winter 2006 - Summer 2007 ) .
Most characters use the actor 's real name ( exception of surnames ) .
The head of the Lee family , he works alongside his law at his Korean medicine hospital .
In several episodes , he chases other family members and even tries to hit them with a baseball bat .
He sends a letter to her but misidentifies the address so it is sent to an American who apparently lived next door .
According to the last episode ( Episode 167 ) , after his resignation , he visits Africa , and then after his return home and sleeps successively for 2 weeks , up to the last act in the show .
Since jae and Mi often berate and insult her , she often has daydreams of them suffering .
She is a bit greedy and even merciless at times .
A huge strong man with an enormous appetite , nicknamed as the " Lord of Gluttony " .
He has a big appetite and great strength , which are inherited from his mother .
Though he does not have much authority among the family , he deeply loves his wife and often becomes the only one to understand his son Yoon-ho 's feelings .
In some episodes , drunk Joon-ha behaves like an unstoppable beast , yelling for food , and in general no one but Hae-mi can control him in such state .
A lateborn son of jae and hee , he works as a P. E. teacher at a school where his nephews attend .
Min-yong dates Seo Min-jeong , a fellow school teacher , but his close relationship with the ex-wife hurts her .
At the end of the show , Min-yong and Shinji seem to have gotten closer .
Hae-mi was in love with another man before her marriage .
She also does not approve of Shin Ji , and her battle against these three is one of the typical topics of the show .
Yet sometimes her affection toward Yoon-ho is shown as well , such as in the episode of the Mother 's day ( Episode 123 ) or the last episode , in which she becomes the only one supporting his idea of taking a year off from the high-school for traveling the country .
The eldest son of Lee Joon-ha and Park Hae-mi .
The contrast between the two brothers is one of the main themes of the show .
He also figures out Yoo-mi is 21 before she leaves , but says he does n't care if she 's 21 or not the brightest in her class .
The youngest son of Lee Joon-ha and Park Hae-mi .
Yoon-ho is very popular among the girls in his school , though his grade is low and he sometimes demonstrates his utter ignorance .
As the odd one out in the family , Yoon-ho is often misunderstood and sometimes blamed for things he did not do .
But he has a secret crush on his teacher , Min-jeong , who is always trying to get him out of trouble , and often displays his kindness to her , which is usually masked by his unfriendliness .
At the end of the show , he miraculously meets his teacher Min-jeong , who resigned the school and disappeared from Seoul without any greetings the year before .
Min-yong and Shin Ji take turns in taking care of Joon , though Joon seems to be in the Lee household most of the time presumable due to Shin Ji 's busy schedule .
Shin Ji had her two front teeth sticking out from her mouth like a rabbit .
Min-yong separates with Min-jeong for bringing Shin Ji back .
Seo Min-jeong ( Seo Min-jeong )
She usually , trips , falls , or sometimes in one episode ran into a stopped car because she was offered a ride .
On episode 117 , she described Min-yong as combination by the appearance of Brad Pitt and the clothing style of Leonardo DiCaprio .
Her parents object at first then accept .
Lee Min-ho 's best friend and appears staying at Lee 's house all the time , even wishing to become the proper member of the family .
Bum once has a huge crush on Yoo-mi , Min-ho 's girlfriend , but later comes to despise her after finding out she was just making use of him .
Bum 's house is rarely portrayed in the show , but according to Bum 's mother , who also became a frequent visitor , their house is described as very quiet and boring .
Sadly , Moon-hee is the only one to say farewell to Bum as the other family members were either busy or away ( Soon-jae working in Africa , Hae-mi busy with work at hospital , Yoon-ho away travelling around the country etc . )
She is also secretly three years older than her schoolmates , but only Kim Bum and Lee yong , her homeroom teacher who doesn't care about that so much , know it .
However , her natural ability as a runner was disclosed in one episode , while running away from Min-yong , and she represented the school at a running competition .
However , at the last show , she is also shown luxuriously cruising on a yacht in Jeju-do .
Mourinho : Toughest season ever
" We were two points down with five matches .
" Italy is not my home .
When we drew with Fiorentina in April and Roma overtook us , we knew that winning wasn't enough , " added this coach .
With the double already secured under his belt , the Special One will now look to lead his side to a treble when Inter wrestle with Bayern Munich in the Champions League final .
That will be the sweetest parting gift he can offer .
Fever and taking your child 's temperature
Should you get out the thermometer ?
And not all fevers need to be treated .
Fever occurs when the body 's internal " thermostat " raises the body temperature above its normal level .
Sometimes , though , the hypothalamus will " reset " the body to a higher temperature in response to an infection , illness , or some other cause .
It 's important to remember that fever by itself is not an illness - it 's usually a symptom of an underlying problem .
Infection : Most fevers are caused by infection or other illness .
Immunizations : Babies and kids sometimes get a low-grade fever after getting vaccinated .
But now they recommend considering both the temperature and a child 's overall condition .
If your child is between 3 months and 3 years old and has a fever of 102.2°F ( 39°C ) or higher , call your doctor to see if he or she needs to see your child .
- is still interested in playing
- looks well when his or her temperature comes down
Is it a Fever ?
However , this method of taking a temperature ( called tactile temperature ) is dependent on the person doing the feeling and does n't give an accurate measure of temperature .
- 99.5° F ( 37.5° C ) measured orally
And serious infections might cause no fever or even an abnormally low body temperature , especially in infants .
You should call the doctor if your child is having difficulty breathing , is breathing faster than normal , or continues to breathe fast after the fever comes down .
Digital thermometers usually provide the quickest , most accurate readings .
- in the mouth
- axillary ( under the arm )
Remember to discard the sleeve after each use and to clean the thermometer according to the manufacturer 's instructions before putting it back in its case .
Although they 're quick and easy to use in older babies , they are n't as accurate as digital thermometers for infants 3 months or younger and are more expensive .
Pacifier thermometers may seem convenient , but again , their readings are less reliable than rectal temperatures and should n't be used in infants younger than 3 months .
( If you still have a mercury thermometer , do not simply throw it in the trash where the mercury can leak out .
But it 's one of the most important tools doctors have to determine if a child has an illness or infection .
For kids between 3 months to 4 years old , you can use a digital thermometer to take a rectal temperature or an electronic ear thermometer to take the temperature inside the ear canal .
In these cases , you can use the tympanic method ( with an electronic ear thermometer ) or axillary method ( with a digital thermometer ) .
But do n't worry - it 's a simple process :
- belly-down across your lap or on a firm , flat surface and keep your palm along the lower back
4 . Steady the thermometer between your second and third fingers as you cup your hand against your baby 's bottom .
To take an oral temperature : This process is easy in an older , cooperative child .
3 . Wait until you hear the appropriate number of beeps or other signal that the temperature is ready to be read .
1 . Remove your child 's shirt and undershirt , and place the thermometer under an armpit ( it must be touching skin only , not clothing ) .
3 . Wait until you hear the appropriate number of beeps or other signal that the temperature is ready to be read .
- Never leave a child unattended while taking a temperature .
Here are ways to alleviate symptoms that often accompany a fever :
If you do n't know the recommended dose or your child is younger than 2 years old , call the doctor to find out how much to give .
- Giving a sponge bath can make your child more comfortable and help bring the fever down .
- Make sure your child 's bedroom is a comfortable temperature - not too hot or too cold .
Avoid drinks containing caffeine , including colas and tea , because they can cause increased urination .
Also , limit your child 's intake of fruits and apple juice .
Staying in bed all day is n't necessary , but a sick child should take it easy .
When to Call the Doctor
The exact temperature that should trigger a call to the doctor depends on the age of the child , the illness , and whether there are other symptoms with the fever .
- older child with a temperature of higher than 102.2° F ( 39° C )
- has any signs of dehydration ( urinating less than usual , not having tears when crying , less alert and less active than usual )
- has recurrent fevers , even if they only last a few hours each night
Seek emergency care if your child shows any of these signs :
- lethargy and difficulty waking
- blue lips , tongue , or nails
- stiff neck
- limpness or refusal to move
- seizure
All kids get fevers , and in the majority of cases , most are completely back to normal within a few days .
Van Gaal : Inter deserved to win
Louis van Gaal conceded Bayern Munich " not good enough " to impose their own game on Inter Milan in the Champions League final .
Van Gaal believes there was little to choose between the two teams , but acknowledged that Inter deserved a first European Cup success in 45 years .
The players learned today that it comes down to small details .
I still think Inter merited the win . "
" We never found our game and could not get past their defence .
" Had Muller scored , it may have been different .
USA Team Meets Presidents Obama And Clinton In White House
The president and vice president wished the U.S. team well in the upcoming World Cup .
The 23-man roster which will travel to South Africa to compete in the 2010 World Cup on Sunday received a guided tour by Biden before meeting Obama .
" Our country ’s leaders clearly understand and appreciate what the World Cup means to all people of the world .
That final list will play one last friendly on U.S. soil on Saturday before embarking for South Africa .
Special : World Cup Politics – When Sport And Society Mix
Special : World Cup Politics – When Sport And Society Mix
Yet it 's undeniable that for millions worldwide , football is simply more than that .
Indeed , the World Cup itself is built on a political divide of a sort .
In the event four European teams were coaxed across the ocean .
Three teams crossed the Atlantic ; Brazil , Argentina and the United States all lost their only matches .
As with so much else of civil society , World Cup stopped for World War II .
Yet despite the fact the war had been over for five years , its repercussions were still felt .
Even the Brits were tempted to come along , England winning the Home Nations Championship and take their place .
Only the withdrawal of India prevented the 1950 World Cup from being the truly global event that it promised .
In other words , the World Cup was a big deal , and was thus far more likely to attract pitch attention .
In that round neither Indonesia nor Egypt were able to take part , so Israel and Sudan - who had beaten Syria - moved on to the next and final match .
Wales beat the Israelis and thus qualified for their one and only World Cup .
In 1970 Morocco became the first African team in over 30 years to play in a World Cup in a bizarre but brilliant tournament that summed up all of football 's foibles – playing in the noonday sun to accommodate European television schedules , for example .
Towards The Present
For a change of pace , consider West Germany 's World Cup win in 1990 .
That it helped settle some of the reunification nerves and bring a divided people together is undeniable .
The Yugoslavia team of such an era , too , had its own role to play .
Such a team , bringing the best of all cultures together , could well have gone on to be one of the best of all time - young stars such as Alen Boksic were still in their footballing infancy - but then the war came , and Yugoslavia would never again compete as a single entity in world play .
This would have been an unfortunate historical footnote for the stat buff if not for the fact that he was then shot to death upon his return home .
The money and the power , then , that football has provided could have been a major contributing factor .
Yet four years later an even greater moment of off-pitch drama was to follow .
The Path Ahead
So much is at stake : the North has in recent months reacted with fury to allegations of its sinking a Southern vessel , and diplomatic relations between the two states – hardly ideal at the best of times – have reached a recent nadir .
True enough , the official news organ of the North essentially accused the South of poisoning their players in the lead-up to a vital qualifier last year , but in 2008 athletes from the two sides marched together at the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games.
Meanwhile there are other countries without troubles to seek .
And that brings us to South Africa itself .
But aside from such concerns , which amount to nickels and dimes , is the future of South Africa itself .
It 's no exaggeration to say that the opening match of the World Cup will be , for all South Africans , the most important game of their lives .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
They watched host South Africa battle Mexico to a 1 draw in the first game of the nation , long tournament .
Television cameras also showed South African Nobel laureate - retired Archbishop Desmond Tutu wearing a team jersey and dancing in the stands .
Mr. Zuma also lauded the tournament as the first ever hosted by an African nation , calling it " the African World Cup . "
The first World Cup football tournament was played in 1930 in Montevideo with host nation Uruguay defeating Argentina for the championship .
2010 World Cup - Key players
Steven Pienaar
The pride of Johannesburg , he looks set to fly his country 's colours at this year 's World Cup on home soil .
Born into a family of football stars , Diego Forlan 's father and grandfather played for Uruguay and Independiente in Argentina .
Uruguay 's hopes will rely solely on this forward to showcase his two-footedness in South Africa .
During his days as a Chelsea player , William Gallas formed an impregnable partnership with John Terry , before moving on to become a key player for Arsene Wenger 's Arsenal side .
Lionel Messi
Goals from Messi are sure to come in South Africa .
He impressed Jose Mourinho in the first week at Chelsea , and has exceeded expectations .
Asia 's pride , Park Ji-Sung was the star in the 2002 World Cup™ where South Korea advanced to the semi-finals , scoring the match winner against Portugal .
England
Although he will not be captaining the English side this World Cup™ , his sterling performance will be fundamental to the Three Lions hopes .
He brings his Fulham experience , tenacity in approaching goal , and excellent dribbling skills to the table .
Scoring five goals in qualifiers , Milivoje Novakovic is Slovenia 's forward to mark .
Group D
Miroslav Klose
Having won the golden boot in the 2006 World Cup™ , he was also one of the two players from the All-Star Team of 2002 to make it again to the All-Star Team of 2006 .
Nemanja Vidic
Bayern Munich 's heading machine , he also provides good assists and has an innate instinct to make the most of his chances .
Not afraid to unleash his shooting prowess from the distance , Essien is an all-rounder who excels in defensive play too .
Netherlands
Scoring three in the 2010 World Cup™ qualifiers , he is a danger in the box to opposing defenders .
His playmaking skills and determination on the pitch to destroy even the best attacks all reek of his talent .
Japan
Named the Most Valuable Player in the 2004 Asian Cup , he was the first Japanese player and second Asian to score in the UEFA Champions League .
Gianluigi Buffon
Paraguay
This Manchester City striker 's determination to score made him one of Paraguay 's top scorers in the 2010 FIFA World Cup™ qualifiers .
Ryan Nelsen
Group G
Flashy foo twork , composure , and an eye for goal are all part of his goal-scoring prowess .
Having a slightly later start in his football career , Didier Drogba has muscled his way into prominence with goalscoring determination .
Named 2009 African Footballer of the Year , this was his second win of this award .
In addition , Ronaldo is the most expensive player in the history of football .
Spain
El Nino , the hero that scored the winner for Spain in the Euro 2008 Final , is in the cream of the crop among today 's football stars .
Moving from Atletico Madrid to Liverpool , he is a star wherever he goes .
Switzerland
Frei is an inspiring team leader and an able player at the same time .
Mark Gonzalez
World Cup 2010 : Maradona Happy To Progress But Critical Of Referees
He expects England and Italy to progress .
We should be effective once and for all .
" People identify with the attack , when we make changes up front , the team still seeks to move forward .
Maradona also noted that he expects world football 's big guns to progress to the knockout stages of the competition and declared that the margin for error is minimal in the latter stages .
We must try to go as_far_as_possible .
Both teams like to play football .
We had a lot of chances and the trend is improving , " Kaka noted before acknowledging that Friday 's opponents have a lot to offer .
It is the game that everyone wants to see and all players want to play in . "
Dunga had stated his intention to leave his post following the 2-1 defeat at the hands of the Netherlands on Saturday .
" The new technical committee will be announced by the end of July . "
EVBCorpus
Thousands of people are likely to gather at the Los Angeles cemetery where the musician is at rest , along with members of his family .
Jackson 's mother Katherine is expected at the family home in Gary , Indiana , where tributes will be paid .
Jackson devotees gathering at the Forest Lawn Cemetery in Glendale , California said they had come to both grieve and celebrate his life .
Michael 's brother Randy said he would also be at the cemetery to pay his respects .
The inmates of Cebu jail became an internet phenomenon when they were filmed performing the dance in 2007 .
Meanwhile , Jackson has been named as the biggest selling artist in the US since his death last year , with 4.3 million sales .
The so-called King of Pop died suddenly at the age of 50 on June 25 , 2009 , in Los Angeles .
Also , Jackson ' father filed a wrongful death lawsuit Friday , accusing the Nevada doctor of lying to the doctors and paramedics trying to save the singer 's life .
In Tokyo , the Japanese capital , 50 devout Jackson fans paid more than $ 1,000 each to spend a night in the Tokyo Tower with the singer 's possessions .
It is estimated that sales of his music and films have generated at least $ 1 billion in the year since he died .
Urinary tract infection
The main etiologic agent is Escherichia coli .
An infection of the upper urinary tract or kidney is known as pyelonephritis , and is potentially more serious .
Signs and symptoms
An upper urinary tract infection or pyelonephritis may additionally present with flank pain and a fever .
In young children , urinary tract infection symptoms may include diarrhea , loss of appetite , nausea and vomiting , fever and excessive crying that cannot be resolved by typical measures .
Depending on the site of infection , urinary tract infections may cause different symptoms .
Whereas in newborns the condition may cause jaundice and hypothermia , in the elderly , symptoms of urinary tract infections may even include lethargy and a change in the mental status , signs that are otherwise nonspecific .
The term " honeymoon cystitis " has been applied to this phenomenon of frequent UTIs during early marriage .
Among the elderly , UTI frequency is roughly equal proportions in women and men .
An enlarged prostate means the gland has grown bigger .
Urinary catheters
Others risk factors
Prevention
* A prolonged course ( 6 months to a year ) of low-dose antibiotics ( usually nitrofurantoin or TMP SMX ) is effective in reducing the frequency of UTIs in those with recurrent UTIs .
This however is not as useful as low dose antibiotics .
Diagnosis
Most cases of lower urinary tract infections in females are benign and do not need exhaustive laboratory work-ups .
The presence of bacteria in the urinary tract of older adults , without symptoms or signs of infection , is a well recognized phenomenon which may not require antibiotics .
The overuse of antibiotics in the context of bacteriuria among the elderly is a concerning issue .
Oral antibiotics such as trimethoprim , cephalosporins , nitrofurantoin , or a fluoroquinolone such as ciprofloxacin substantially shorten the time to recovery .
The Infectious Diseases Society of America recommends a combination of trimethoprim and sulfamethoxazole in uncomplicated UTIs rather than fluoroquinolones .
It is responsible however for a high incidence of mild allergic reactions and rare but potentially serious complications .
Regimens vary , and include TMP and fluorquinolones .
If there is a poor response to IV antibiotics ( marked by persistent fever , worsening renal function ) , then imaging is indicated to rule out formation of an abscess either within or around the kidney , or the presence of an obstructing lesion such as a stone or tumor .
Epidemiology
Pyelonephritis occurs between 18-29 times less frequently .
The condition rarely occurs in men who are younger than 50 years old and who did not undergo any genitourinary procedure .
According to statistics from 1990 , the prevalence of urinary tract infections in pre-school and school girls was 1% to 3% , nearly 30-fold higher than that in boys .
Bladder infections are common and usually not serious if treated promptly .
Symptoms include :
- Urine that is cloudy or foul-smelling
Signs of this include :
When to see your doctor
This includes pregnant women , the elderly , and men , as well as people with diabetes , kidney problems , or a weakened immune system .
Honeymoon cystitis
Of course , the problem is not confined to honeymoons .
Occasionally , UTIs occur without the classic symptoms .
In many cases , no treatment is needed .
When bacteria attack the kidneys , they can cause damage that will permanently reduce kidney function .
How do UTIs begin ?
In fact , urine is sterile .
What boosts your risk ?
* Taking frequent baths
Urinary tract infections in men
The first step in diagnosing a UTI is usually a simple urine test called a urinalysis .
Your doctor may also send your urine to a lab for culture to confirm the type of bacteria .
Prescription antibiotics will almost always cure a UTI .
But severe kidney infections may require hospital care , including a course of intravenous antibiotics .
Your options may include :
* Taking antibiotics promptly as self-treatment when symptoms appear
Second , high blood sugar can spill into the urine and encourage the growth of bacteria .
UTIs and pregnancy
Untreated UTIs can contribute to preterm labor , so be sure to alert your doctor if you suspect you have an infection .
Estrogen has a protective effect in the urinary tract , but levels of this hormone drop off significantly during menopause .
A hospital stay can put you at risk for a UTI , particularly if you need to use a catheter .
This is more often a problem for older adults who require prolonged hospital stays or who live in long-term care facilities .
But the symptoms may not follow the classic pattern .
Babies occasionally develop UTIs , but they ca n't tell you what they feel .
* Poor appetite or vomiting
This includes some children who repeatedly delay a bathroom trip .
UTI or potty training problem ?
These are generally not signs of a UTI .
* Visit the toilet before and after sex .
* Take showers instead of baths .
Some studies suggest it can prevent , but not treat an infection , and is more effective in young and middle-aged women .
If you do n't like the taste of cranberry juice , capsules or tablets may work , too .
EVBCorpus
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Or do you wake up in the middle of the night and lie awake for hours , anxiously watching the clock ?
Insomnia takes a toll on your energy , mood , and ability to function during the day .
But you don't have to put up with insomnia .
Insomnia is the inability to get the amount of sleep you need to wake up feeling rested and refreshed .
It 's more accurate to think of insomnia as a symptom of another problem .
The good news is that most cases of insomnia can be cured with changes you can make on your own-without relying on sleep specialists or turning to prescription or over-the-counter sleeping pills .
* Trouble getting back to sleep when awakened
* Waking up too early in the morning
In order to properly treat and cure your insomnia , you need to become a sleep detective .
But your daytime habits , sleep routine , and physical health may also play a role .
* Are you depressed ?
* Are you taking any medications that might be affecting your sleep ?
* Is your sleep environment quiet and comfortable ?
Common mental and physical causes of insomnia :
Insomnia is also stubbornly persistent .
* Medications that can cause insomnia : antidepressants ; cold and flu medications that contain alcohol ; pain relievers that contain caffeine ( Midol , Excedrin ) ; diuretics , corticosteroids , thyroid hormone , high blood pressure medications .
Most people suffering from an anxiety disorder or depression have trouble sleeping .
If your insomnia is caused by anxiety or depression , treating the underlying psychological issue is the key to the cure .
Some of the things you 're doing to cope with insomnia may actually be making the problem worse .
It may take a few days for your body to get used to the change , but once you do , you will sleep better .
* drinking a lot of caffeine
* an irregular sleep schedule
Keeping a sleep diary is a helpful way to pinpoint habits and behaviors contributing to your insomnia .
* Make sure your bedroom is quiet , dark , and cool .
Support your biological clock by going to bed and getting up at the same time every day , including weekends .
Napping during the day can make it more difficult to sleep at night .
* Avoid stimulating activity and stressful situations before bedtime .
* Limit caffeine , alcohol , and nicotine .
Stop drinking caffeinated beverages at least 8 hours before bed .
Insomnia cures and treatments : Neutralizing anxiety when you can't sleep
But agonizing and expecting sleep difficulties only makes insomnia worse .
The goal is to train your body to associate the bed with sleep and nothing else-especially not frustration and anxiety .
Don't work , read , watch TV , or use your computer in bed or the bedroom .
Tossing and turning only amps up the anxiety .
Anxiously watching the minutes tick by when you can't sleep-knowing that you 're going to be exhausted when the alarm goes off-is a surefire recipe for insomnia .
Not only do relaxation techniques help you quiet your mind and relieve tension in the body , but they also help you fall asleep faster and get back to sleep more quickly if you awaken in the middle of the night .
* deep breathing
* yoga
You can do them as part of your bedtime routine , when you are lying down preparing for sleep , and if you wake up in the middle of the night .
Focus on quiet , soothing activities , such as reading , knitting , or listening to soft music .
* Abdominal breathing .
Breathe in through your nose and out through your mouth .
Most of us do n't breathe as deeply as we should .
Close your eyes , and try taking deep , slow breaths , making each breath even deeper than the last .
When you 're tossing and turning at night , it can be tempting to turn to sleep aids for relief .
Although they may be described as " natural , " be aware that sleep remedies can still have side effects and interfere with other medications or vitamins you 're taking .
* Melatonin .
Melatonin is also available as an over-the-counter supplement .
* Valerian .
Prescription sleeping pills for insomnia
First , try changing your sleep habits , your daily routine , and your attitudes about sleep .
When to seek professional help for insomnia :
* If your insomnia occurs almost every night and is getting worse
Sorry Blatter to reconsider technology
Lampard 's disallowed goal during England 's 4-1 defeat to Germany has led to renewed calls for the introduction of technology .
Sunday night 's match between Argentina and Mexico had also thrown up a controversial incident , with Carlos Tevez scoring the opening goal from a blatantly offside position , but Blatter said only goal-line technology would be discussed and not video replays .
The only thing I can do is yesterday I have spoken to the two federations by referees mistakes .
" We will naturally take on board the discussion on technology and will have the first opportunity in July at the business meeting . "
The FIFA president added the IFAB would not consider video replays of all incidents .
Blatter added that FIFA would launch a new drive to improve refereeing standards at the top level later this year .
Blatter also warned French president Nicolas Sarkozy risks suspension from football if he interferes in the running of the game in that country .
" France made an " affaire d'etat " of football but it remains in the hands of the federation . "
EVBCorpus
Families have changed in the last several decades .
Many of them break up .
Is cohabitation a good alternative to marriage ?
Many researchers have looked into these questions .
Living together leads to living alone
Some people think that living together will lead automatically to marriage , but that often is not the case .
Many cohabitations break up .
Stability
Less than four per cent of cohabitations last for ten years or more .
The more often men and women cohabit , the more likely they are to divorce later .
At all socio-economic levels , cohabiting couples accumulate less wealth than married couples .
All women who take_time_out of employment to have children lose some earning power - whether they are married or not .
Cohabitants have more health problems than married people , probably because cohabitants put up with behaviour in their partners which husbands and wives would discou rage , particularly regarding smoking , alcohol and substance abuse .
Women in cohabiting relationships are more likely than wives to be abused .
What happens to children born to cohabiting parents ?
About 15 percent of one-parent families are created through the break-up of cohabiting unions .
Today , more than 20 % of children are born to cohabiting couples .
That is partly because cohabiting couples who have children are even more likely to break up than childless couples , and partly because cohabiting couples who subsequently marry are more likely to divorce , and to divorce earlier .
Financially , children of cohabitants are less well off than children whose parents are married .
Unmarried fathers , even those cohabiting with their children 's mother , do not automatically fulfill the same parental duties as married or divorced fathers .
One scholar estimated that , before their seventeenth birthday , more than one in twenty children would live in a formalized step-family where one parent ( usually their mother ) has remarried , and over one in fourteen children would live in an informal " step-family " where their mother is living with someone who has neither a biological nor a legal tie to her child .
Children living in cohabiting step-families are at significantly higher risk of child abuse .
More than one in five young people living in step-families runs away from home .
While some people do make a conscious choice to avoid marriage , others simply " drift into " cohabitation .
For many people , especially those in low-paid or irregular work , getting married can seem too expensive .
Traditionally , marriage has had a special status in British law and society .
When people marry , they commit themselves not only to being sexual partners , but also to taking care of each other-for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health .
This promise and the trust it builds encourage partners to make sacrifices for the good of the family .
A decrease in the number of marriages and an increase in cohabitation both have come in the wake of a large increase in divorce in the last thirty years .
Although a good deal of evidence shows that cohabiting relationships have higher risks of poor outcomes , governmental and other official bodies continue to treat cohabitation and marriage as essentially the same .
" The most important thing is the quality of the relationship , not the institution in itself' . "
However , when a cohabiting couple break up , each person retains ownership of their own property .
It also protects the freedom of those who choose to live with each other outside the bounds of marriage .
EVBCorpus
Girls start developing breasts and get their periods - signs they are growing into women .
For a guy , there isn't just one event or sign that you 're growing up .
Most boys begin puberty between the ages of 9 and 14 .
Why are girls taller than me ?
Well , girls get a head start on puberty - and growing taller - because they usually start these changes between the ages of 8 and 13 .
So that 's why girls are often taller than boys during that time .
Most boys may catch up - and even grow taller than girls .
But nothing is definite .
Remember - not every adult male is tall .
But by being active and eating nutritious foods , you 're helping your body grow up healthy .
You may have already noticed some boys starting to get chest muscles ( called the pectoralis muscles or pecs for short ) .
Maybe you 've considered lifting weights to help yourself get bigger .
If you decide to try lifting weights , first let your doctor know you are interested .
If your doctor recommends weightlifting , here are some tips :
This will help you gain strength and prevent injury .
* Do repetitions .
Do I think about girls too much or not enough ?
That night you go to bed and before you sleep , you have one last thought about her .
You might be wondering , " Why do I feel this way ? "
He also tells you that he likes her .
Thinking about someone you like is a normal process of puberty .
So why do you feel this way ?
This is natural because you are going through a new phase in your life .
Body hair really gets going during puberty .
You 're growing hair in new places because hormones are telling your body that it is ready to change .
Other hormones come from your pituitary gland ( a pea-shaped gland located at the bottom of your brain ) .
Boys don't really need to do anything about this new hair that 's growing .
Later , when you 're a teen , the hair gets thick enough on your face , you may want to talk with your parents about shaving .
Perspiration comes out of your skin through tiny holes called pores when your body gets hot .
If you get hotter than that , your body doesn't like it , so then your body sweats .
What makes it smelly ?
But how can you keep yourself from being all sweaty and smelly ?
Some deodorants come in a white stick that you can twist up .
Otherwise , the white stick deodorants can leave white marks on your clothes .
If you find these products are n't working for you , talk with your doctor .
The penis will become bigger and stand out from the body .
You can get many in one day or none at all .
Sometimes you might wake up your underwear or bed is wet .
This is called ejaculation .
Semen contains sperm , which can fertilize a woman 's egg and begin the process that ends with a baby being born .
You may think " Man , I don't want to go to the doctor for that ! "
It 's a doctor 's job to help you take care of your body - even that part .
EVBCorpus
Netherlands withstood a late rally in Tuesday 's World Cup semifinal to dash Uruguay 's World Cup dreams .
" This is such a great feeling .
We held on to our lead though to progress .
It does n't really matter whether we will play against Germany or Spain .
EVBCorpus
Israel 's version of Dancing With The Stars is to include the show 's first same-sex couple in the new series .
The couple will take it in turns to take on the traditional male role of leading the dances .
" I have realised that dance is about co-ordination and energy between two people , whether female or male , " Tov said .
The former Baywatch actress , who took part in the US version of Dancing With The Stars , will make two appearances in the Israeli show , where she will comment on the dances and perform her own routine .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
But as Ian Brimacombe reports , one adult film producer in South Africa has decided to make his actors wear condoms to promote safe sex .
And yet , these are the words of Tau Morena , producer of South Africa 's first all-black pornographic film , Mapona , which , he says , will promote safe sex and raise awareness about the dangers of HIV AIDS .
Sequel
All the actors selected were tested for HIV before filming , and the two men involved wear condoms in all the scenes .
" There is all sorts of misinformation regarding condoms and their use . "
In the United States , federal law requires that all porn actors are tested for HIV 30 days before the start of filming .
No testing agency
We actually do n't even have real porn stars , we just have amateurs who do n't mind being filmed .
Director of the HIV Prevention Research Unit of the South African Medical Research Council Dr Gita Ramjee says people across the adult film industry should be practicing safer sex , and that message should be written clearly in the title sequences at the start of any adult film .
Mr Morena , though , says he will do what he can until the average African man understands that wearing a condom during sex can be both good for them and pleasurable .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
First Secretary Mark Sullivan has been given 48 hours to leave the U.S. embassy in Quito , Ecuador .
" Despite the government of Ecuador 's unjustified actions , we remain committed to working collaboratively with Ecuador to confront narcotics trafficking , " Duguid said .
Clinton urges North Korean dialogue
Reports suggest the North Korea may be about to test-fire a long-range missile .
South Korea 's prosperity and democracy stood in stark contrast to " the tyranny and poverty across the border to the North " , Mrs Clinton said .
Mr Kim is not known to have named his successor and Western diplomats fear any leadership crisis could further raise tensions on the peninsula .
" The North should refrain from violating this resolution and also from any and all provocative actions that could harm the six-party talks and aggravate tensions in the region . "
She also praised South Korea for what she described as its calm resolve in the face of provocations from the North , our correspondent adds .
Mrs Clinton arrived in Seoul from Indonesia - the world 's most populous Muslim country - where she said the US was seeking a new kind of dialogue with the Muslim world .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Stay well with your animals
Your favorite animal can make you healthy .
Pets are natural mood enhancers
The level of cortisol , a hormone associated with stress , is lowered .
Keep blood pressure in check
But having a pet can help you manage your blood pressure .
Another study showed that children with hypertension lowered their blood pressure while petting their dog .
But owning a pet has the potential of making it easier to avoid the dangers of cholesterol .
Cats and dogs good for the heart
Over the 20 years of one study , people who never owned a cat were 40% more likely to die of a heart attack than those who had .
Therapists have been known to prescribe a pet as a way of dealing with and recovering from depression .
And taking care of a pet - walking with it , grooming it , playing with it - takes you out of yourself and helps you feel better about the way you spend your time .
Better physical fitness
And after that , just playing fetch in the back yard with your dog will earn you healthful dividends .
Make your pet an exercise buddy
Your cat will get a healthy workout chasing the light , and you 'll be thoroughly entertained .
Fewer strokes among cat owners
Researchers speculate that cats may have a more calming effect on their owners than other animals do .
One key to a healthy mind is staying engaged with others .
Visiting a dog park lets you socialize with other owners while your dog socializes with their dogs .
Fewer allergies , stronger immunity
Cats and asthma prevention
It sounds counterintuitive .
But researchers have studied the effects of having cats in the homes of infants at risk for asthma .
There is one exception .
Snack alarm
Some dogs can alert their owner to a dangerous drop before it actually happens .
The alarm gives the owner time to eat a snack to avoid the emergency .
Dogs for Diabetics is training more dogs to help more people .
A dog in the office may help someone be more at ease .
The dog , which usually just slept during the session , got up and wanted out .
But the opposite is also true .
Dogs and cats can get the same kinds of cancers humans do .
Overcoming the limitations of ADHD
Pets need to play , and playing with a pet is an excellent way to release excess energy .
Sensory issues are common among children with autism .
Dogs and horses have both sometimes been incorporated into these activities .
Walk the dog
It also lets you spend time in the sun , which provides vitamin D.
Use a short leash that wo n't get tangled .
You also know it can be hard to know when you 're stretching enough .
Watch how many times she stretches every day , and when she does , you do it too .
If your dog has arthritis , you can use the effort to manage his to help manage yours .
That way you 'll see it when you get his .
At places like Xenophon Therapeutic Riding Center in California , clients who have had strokes start riding with side walkers and someone leading the horse .
People with rheumatoid arthritis derive benefit from movements like walking and throwing a Frisbee with their pet .
Sometimes just their presence can provide a relieving comfort .
People get relief just by placing their hurting limbs against the dog 's body or lying up next to it .
Some are trained to bark and alert the parents when a child is having a seizure outside or in another room .
Staying independent
They can also sense when someone with Parkinson 's is " freezing " and touch the foot to let the person keep walking .
Some dogs are trained to understand a range of commands which lets them help people with aphasia ( a language disorder common in older adults , particularly those who 've had a stroke ) feel good when they see the dog understands them .
People with AIDS are less likely to be depressed if they own a pet , especially if they 're strongly attached .
Animal assisted therapies
One of the biggest advantages of letting patients interact with animals in such places is to help improve mood and reduce anxiety .
Cheered in Canada , Obama treads lightly
Obama happy crowds cheered his seven-hour visit , his first outside U.S. borders as president .
Harper in turn rolled out the red carpet for the new U.S. president .
Still , rhetorical niceties aside , there are some sharp differences between the U.S. and its largest trading partner and biggest supplier of oil .
On Canada 's massive oil-rich tar sands , Harper suggested that the kind of emissions regulations that environmentalists would like Obama to support would be unfair , making a comparison to the U.S. coal industry .
He sounded a similar warning on a " Buy American " clause that Congress added to the $ 787 billion economic stimulus package .
On Afghanistan , Obama said unprompted that he had not asked the prime minister for any more Canadian commitments .
" We just wanted to make sure that we were saying thank you , " Obama said .
Industry officials estimate the northern Alberta sands could yield as_much_as 175 billion barrels of oil , making Canada second only to Saudi Arabia in crude oil reserves .
The topic was the only one to produce an announcement , though a minor one .
The Canadian public did n't seem to care , with many spending hours on buses to come to the snowy capital in hopes of just a glimpse .
During his joint appearance with Harper , Obama started out by remarking his great pleasure at being in what he clearly started to say was " Iowa . "
Obama was greeted by the representative of Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II , Michaelle Jean .
Obama picks Nobel man for Energy
Barack Obama has named physics Nobel Prize winner Steven Chu as his energy secretary and tasked him with finding alternatives to fossil fuels .
Mr Obama has pledged to make big changes in environmental policies .
Announcing his environment team at a press conference on Monday , Mr Obama vowed to " move beyond our oil addiction and create a new hybrid economy " .
" Unless we act , climate change will lead to drought and famine abroad , devastating weather patterns and terrible storms on our shores and the disappearance of our coastline , " said Mr Obama .
Dr Chu is a leader in the field of combating climate change using scientific methods .
Announcing his environment team nominations , Mr Obama named Lisa Jackson , currently the chief of staff for New Jersey 's governor , as head of the environment protection agency ( EPA ) .
Obituary : Robert McNamara
Former American secretaries of defence seldom get such widespread obituaries as Robert S McNamara .
A brilliant statistician , he was drafted to help develop methods of statistical control for managing the strategic bombing campaigns against Germany and Japan .
He rose to become the first president of the company outside the Ford family .
Hate figure
During the Vietnam War , McNamara supported US efforts to prevent the victory of Communist insurgents over the government of South Vietnam .
Instead , Johnson put ground troops into Vietnam following the Gulf of Tonkin incident in which , it was claimed , Vietnamese torpedo boats had attacked US warships .
Haunted by Vietnam
McNamara left the job in 1968 .
His role in the Vietnam War continued to haunt him , though .
He described the war as " terribly wrong " owing to a combination of the anti-communist climate of the times , mistaken assumptions of foreign policy and military mis judgements .
It was his second marriage - his first wife Margaret , to whom he was married for 40 years , died of cancer in 1981 .
EVBCorpus
Agreement to the Treaty of Amity and Cooperation by the United States indicates America has re-engaged with Southeast Asia and will regain interests in the region , a Chinese analyst said Thursday .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton signed the friendship pact with member states of the Association of Southeast Asia Nations ( ASEAN ) in Thailand 's Phuket on Wednesday in what is seen as America 's return to the " critically important " region .
The United States wants to participate in the region 's development process to show its clout in the area and to help solve problems such as the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue and Myanmar 's ongoing political instability , the researcher said .
On the other side , Southeast Asian countries welcomed the U.S. participation in the region 's development process , during which they would get the biggest possible interests as they can , Guo said .
" We warmly welcomed the impending accession by the United States_of_America to the Treaty of Amity and Cooperation in Southeast Asia as a strong signal of its commitment to peace and security in the region , " said a joint communique issued Monday after the ASEAN ministers 's meeting .
Clinton called on Myanmar , which has put Suu Kyi , general secretary of the National League for Democracy , under a five-and-a-half-year house arrest , to free her and take other steps to ensure a credible general election next year .
Analysts said the U.S.-Myanmar spat brought uncertainty and complication to the region 's development .
China 's Gains in Manufacturing Stir Friction Across the Pacific
China 's Gains in Manufacturing Stir Friction Across the Pacific
China is on its way to surpassing the U.S. as the world 's largest manufacturer far sooner than expected .
In terms of actual size , the answer is , no .
In 2007 , the latest year for which data are available , the U.S. accounted for 20 % of global manufacturing ; China was 12 % .
As recently as two years ago , Global Insight 's estimate was that China would surpass the U.S. as the world 's top manufacturer by 2020 .
" The recent deep recession in U.S. manufacturing does mean that China 's catch-up is occurring a few years earlier than would have been the case if there had been no recession , " says Nariman Behravesh , the group 's chief economist .
Chinese manufacturing activity continued to tick up in July from the previous month , data from the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing showed Saturday .
July was the fourth consecutive month the CLSA PMI was above 50 after hovering below the key level for eight months .
Many economists argue that the shrinking of U.S. manufacturing - both in terms of jobs and share of gross domestic product - is a normal economic evolution that started long before China emerged as a manufacturing powerhouse .
Global Insight 's Mr. Behravesh is one of those who views China 's rise as normal , even healthy .
But another school of thought - one known by the somewhat backhanded label of " manufacturing fundamentalists " - contends the U.S. decline is n't natural and must be reversed to retain America 's economic power .
" The notion that we can be a nonmanufacturing society is folly , " says Peter Morici , an economist at the University of Maryland .
They argue that China undervalues its currency to gain a competitive advantage for its exports , which sell at a lower price in the U.S .
The administration earlier this year softened its stance on the issue when it declined to label China a currency manipulator .
" The importance of the China challenge to the U.S. depends on how we respond to it , " such as implementing tax and investment policies that encourage domestic producers to expand .
The sector generates more than 13% of the nation 's GDP , making it a bigger contributor to the economy than retail trade , finance or the health-care industry .
" I see a lot_of people starting to look_at going overseas again ," he says , in_part because costs are rising in the U.S. even in the depth of this recession .
Foundries like Bremen use large amounts of electricity to heat metal .
China , Vietnam hold talks on South China Sea issue
During the talks , the two sides reiterated that it serves the common interests of the two countries and the two peoples to continuously push forward the good-neighborly and friendly relations and the development of bilateral all-round strategic cooperative partnership .
The two sides said they will explore a transitional and provisional solution for the sea issue and make it not affect the overall situation of the bilateral relations .
During the meeting , Khiem said Vietnam would like to work together with China to deepen cooperation in all fields and continuously enrich the bilateral all-round strategic cooperative partnership .
The two sides should push forward the strategic cooperation in all the areas in order to achieve common development and prosperity .
BBC Worldwide Monitoring
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
July 25 , 2009 Saturday
Text of report by Hong Kong-based news agency Zhongguo Tongxun She
The Chinese government has long been engaged in resolving the issue in a peaceful manner and has tried hard to create peaceful and stable surroundings .
The South China Sea dispute involves China and its neighbors in the region ( such as Vietnam , the Philippines , Malaysia and Brunei ) .
This area remains stable , yet influenced by multiple parties .
Natural resource development has made competition for South China Sea prominent .
Neighboring countries get at least 50 million tons of petroleum from the South China Sea per year , equal to the annual output of the Daqing Oilfield .
These countries have continuously expanded their scope of exploration , the majority of which lies within China 's traditional border .
Instead , China should take the initiative to propose and execute a plan to demonstrate the presence of China in the Nanhai dispute , in the course of natural resource development in the South China Sea .
Attitudes of large powers deserve our attention .
At the end of last year , the Indonesian government set up a special bureau of arrests within the Ministry of Maritime and Fisheries Affairs .
This has actually demonstrated their control and jurisdiction over this maritime area ; and represents a kind of sovereignty oath to their belief .
According to the Kuala Lumpur Security Review , the chief of the defense force , Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston , told the magazine that Australia 's interest in the South China Sea lies in maintaining wider stability in this region , including the disputed Nansha Islands , so that this sea passage - which is also one of important global maritime passages - can continue to be open and in free use .
However , the United States sent four Aegis-equipped warships to conduct a joint military practice session with Southeast Asian countries in the South China Sea , which has rarely happened before .
US warship specialists said that the significance of the presence of US Aegis-equipped warships in the South China Sea is that once a war breaks out , the US warships may create an anti-air shield in the South China Sea .
The Straits Times ( Singapore )
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Why Chimerica remains a chimera
IN THE early 1990s , when Washington debated the alternatives of engaging or containing China , some clever wits suggested a hybrid : " congagement " .
The recently concluded Strategic and Economic Dialogue between Washington and Beijing will be cheered by Asians .
The US and China also see eye to eye on diverse issues such as counter-terrorism , the management of North Korea 's nuclear programme and anti-piracy deployments in the Gulf of Aden .
Dr Zbigniew Brzezinski , a former US national security adviser , argues that a G-2 could help address a number of challenges , from the global financial crisis to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
Former diplomat Christopher Clarke has suggested that the Sino-US financial symbiosis is more like a " mutual death grip in which neither side dares make a precipitous move for fear of going over the cliff with the other " .
We had a 3/4 week 3/4 week of it
If a US-China condominium were to emerge , it would ring alarm bells across the region , particularly in long-term allies of Washington such as Japan , Australia and South Korea .
The first country to suffer from this would be Japan , which for decades has banked on its relationship with the US to pre-empt any external threat .
If a G-2 were to emerge , Japan may even break its vow never to possess nuclear weapons .
A G-2 condominium will also worry the Asian countries that have staked claims to disputed territories in the South China Sea .
China recently criticised claims made by Malaysia and Vietnam on disputed seabed and subsoil resources in that vital body of water .
Writing in Foreign Affairs in June , Ms Elizabeth Economy and Dr Adam Segal of the Council for Foreign Relations argued that the gulf in interests , values and capabilities between the two countries would prevent them from moving towards a great power condominium .
" The notion that a G-2 is developing ... is not correct , " he said .
" We are much more interested in multilateral and collaborative efforts , involving all our friends and allies in the Asia-Pacific region , and not only US-China relations . "
EVBCorpus
Business is being reshaped around the world .
China was miffed by the outcome of what we last year called the corporate " deal of the century . "
China says the busts are not retribution for the cancelled deal between Rio and a state-owned company , which received angry press in China .
Ore has become a major neuralgic concern for China .
It sees its dependence on imported supply as strategically risky .
But let 's step back .
With the collapse of Lehman and the global meltdown , ore prices plummeted and BHP withdrew its bid .
Suddenly , Rio needed its own debt bailout and turned to a company on the cash-rich mainland , state-owned Chinalco .
Oops .
A BHP joint venture was back on the table .
Now the Chinese naturally see dirty politics at work , but the deal was actually scuttled by Rio 's shareholders , who rightly saw more upside in BHP 's offer .
Polls were running strongly against selling the country 's mineral patrimony to a company ultimately controlled by the Chinese Communist Party .
It can take its opposition to the BHP-Rio deal to Europe 's trustbusters , who voiced qualms about their earlier proposed tie-up .
Earlier this year , Chinese regulators nixed Coca-Cola 's purchase of a local juicemaker on " competition " grounds that antitrust lawyers considered ludicrous .
If the Rio arrests mark the beginning of a Chinese war to remake the global ore market more to China 's liking , Beijing might want to think again .
Ensuring nobody wants to do a business deal with China for fear of being charged with a death penalty crime hardly improves the case .
Then there 's the epic civil disorder in Xinjiang .
Does Beijing really want to " break up " India ?
Ananth Krishnan
What the overreaction in India to an anonymous post on an obscure Chinese website calling for " splitting India " reveals about the challenges of understanding China 's changing information landscape .
The post was translated and analysed , with some significant errors , by a Chennai-based think-tank , following which reports appeared in the Indian media expressing outrage that " Beijing " had a secret plan to divide India by supporting separatist movements in Kashmir and the Northeast .
Also leave aside the question of whether having broken-up states on its borders with the troubled Xinjiang region and in north-east India even really suits Chinese interests .
Part of the answer lies in the media reports that appeared last week , which made the following assumptions :
And that the website where this post appeared sounded influential enough for India to take notice and worry .
But in these assumptions are fundamental misperceptions .
This perception dates back to the 1970s and 1980s , when the only opinions coming out of China were voiced through one or two State-run organs , and often closely mirrored the Chinese government 's views .
Currently , there are four main avenues through which information emerges out of China .
The second , more complicated channel is print media .
But each enjoys a unique relationship with both the government and the Communist Party ( CPC ) , and consequently , their opinions need to be interpreted contextually .
This was interpreted in India as the Chinese government changing its position .
The distinction between Party and Government is not often clear even in China .
This poses a challenge for Indian observers to tease out what opinions really matter to the countries ' relationship , and what opinions are no more than postures adopted for the sake of internal party politics and are less relevant to the countries ' ties .
In the last decade , dozens of think-tanks - many with similar sounding names , to add to the confusion - have emerged in China .
The Chennai Centre for China Stu dies , which first translated and analysed the post before it was circulated among the Indian media , assumed that this was a government-sponsored think-tank , and also wrongly claimed that this was linked to the China Institute for International Strategic Studies ( CIISS ) , a Beijing think-tank .
The website 's founder Kang Lingyi issued a clarification saying his website was independent and had no link to the government .
Mr. Kang 's views often reflect those of a section known in China as the " Fenqing " - it literally translates to " Angry Youth " , but when pronounced slightly differently describes such youth in a far less kind way , one that 's not fit to print .
The Chinese government blocks and censors numerous websites that are politically sensitive , discussing subjects like the Tiananmen Square protests or the Falun Gong .
China has 338 million Internet users and more than 100 million blogs and websites , such as the one where this post first appeared .
It only takes a quick glance through half a dozen such sites - even " influential " ones - to look at the divergence of opinions and vibrancy of debates , with many voices even strongly criticising the Communist Party and its government .
Interpreting information from these four avenues is further complicated by the fact that they are sometimes inter-linked .
But at the same time , a more nuanced understanding of China 's information landscape is needed to avoid shrill hyper-reactions to anonymous bloggers and irrelevant fringe groups .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
* Rebel group vows fresh attacks against oil industry
( Updates with MEND to resume attacks , new throughout )
The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta ( MEND ) , responsible for attacks that have wrought havoc on the OPEC member 's oil operations , said it would resume its campaign of violence on Sept. 15 .
" The ongoing amnesty programme by the government of Nigeria seems to have achieved separating those who still have the zeal to fight for our freedom from those who were in it for the money ," the group said in a statement .
A CHANCE FOR PEACE
" As chairman of MEND in Bayelsa state , I hand over this jacket as a proclamation that we have disarmed and stand by our word .
Ben , whose group handed over the bulk of the weapons collected on Saturday , has warned that failure to develop the Niger Delta would lead to a resumption of violence .
MEND has said a replacement to take over Boyloaf 's command had already been put in_place , somewhat undermining the point of his departure , and other key commanders in the creeks of the delta have shown no such willingness to take part .
Thousands of guns were handed over but the subsequent five years were among the most violent in the history of the Niger Delta .
EVBCorpus
The deaths and injuries were in the city of Urumqi , said Zhang Hong , the city 's deputy mayor .
Some Han Chinese demonstrators have taken to the streets to demand better police protection and a crackdown on ethnic Uyghurs , who are blamed for the attacks .
People were stocking up groceries for fear of escalating violence , Xinhua said .
The Han Chinese are the country 's dominant ethnic group ; the Uyghurs are a Turkic-speaking Muslim minority who consider Xinjiang their homeland .
In recent weeks , hundreds of people from several ethnic groups have sought treatment for syringe stabbings by Uyghurs .
There have been no reports of deaths from the stabbings .
"People are angry that the government is not doing much against the Uyghurs ' needle stabbing . "
According to the Central Asia Caucasus Institute at Johns Hopkins University in Maryland , Xinjiang serves as a convenient drug-trafficking route , lying between opium-growing regions of Afghanistan and southeast Asia and the heroin markets in central Asia , Russia and Europe .
No answers , no arrests yet in death of Yale student
NEW HAVEN , Connecticut ( CNN ) -- New Haven Police meticulously sifted through evidence Tuesday in their search for the killer of Yale student Annie Le , whose body was found Sunday in a basement wall of a medical research building off campus .
The official also disputed Yale University President Richard Levin , who had indicated that the suspect pool would be a " limited number " of people who had been in the basement the day Le disappeared .
" There is an abundance of evidence . "
After going over hours of tapes , authorities said they had not found images of her leaving the building .
Teams of investigators at a Connecticut State Police lab worked through the weekend processing and examining the bloodstained clothes .
Police , however , would not say whether their presence at the home was related to their investigation of Le 's death .
Flores told HLN 's Nancy Grace .
She was already thinking about the weather , whether June , July was going to be too hot , August , so September , would it be nice ? "
Among the tips she offered : Keep a minimum amount on your person .
EVBCorpus
By Kent Klein
The two leaders met for the first time since Mr. Hatoyama took office last week .
Mr. Hatoyama said Tokyo 's relationship with the United States will be a " key pillar " of his policies .
Both leaders stressed the need to coordinate closely on climate change , Afghanistan , Pakistan and North Korea .
EVBCorpus
Authorities say the death toll has risen to more than 110 from the tsunami generated in the South Pacific by a powerful undersea earthquake .
He added , " so many people are gone . "
It generated waves that devastated coastal areas , knocked down buildings and sent cars floating out to sea .
Several villages were destroyed on the southern Samoan coast of Upolu , which is also home to many tourist resorts .
Mekong Dams Could Threaten Aquatic Life
EVBCorpus
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
About 40 million people depend to some degree on the fisheries , worth about $ 2.5 billion a year .
Environmental activists say plans by Laos to build a dam in the Don Sahong area near the Cambodian border could doom the nearly extinct Irrawaddy dolphin .
Everyone has a small boat and can pick up tourists and get money from tourists every day or every month depending on the season , " Ma said .
Some dams on rivers feeding the Mekong have disrupted fish populations .
But , the problem of wild fish is seasonality , " Ingthamjitr said .
But , for tilapia all year round you can buy it in the market . "
Full Picture of Haiti Devastation Emerges as International Aid Mobilized
Death , devastation and deprivation prevail in Haiti 's capital , as the full extent of the country 's humanitarian crisis is being revealed to the world .
In Port-au-Prince , sheet-draped bodies remain unclaimed , and untold numbers of people are trapped in rubble or missing and feared dead .
Even among those whose homes did not collapse , fear of aftershocks has led many to remain outdoors .
But I am sure a lot of people will sleep in the street tonight , " he said .
" To the people of Haiti , we say clearly and with conviction : You will not be forsaken .
The world stands with you , " he said .
Assistance is being dispatched from around the globe , including many faraway nations .
We are bringing our knowledge and we are coming to assist the people over there and save lives .
But obstacles remain .
Speaking on NBC 's Today show , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said U.S. teams have had logistical challenges to overcome .
Amid the devastation and loss of life in Haiti , there have been a precious few moments of joy - U.S. rescue workers pulled a security guard out of the rubble of the collapsed U.N. building in Port-au-Prince .
Yeah , I started crying , " she said .
Obama 's Presidency a Living Example for African Americans
A majority of African-Americans also say that Mr. Obama 's presidential win has improved race relations in America .
And , President Barack Obama 's move into the White House appears to be the spark that ignited this rise in optimism and hope .
African-American Nicole Cunningham says growing up in the southern state of Georgia was difficult .
It was a time of racial tension .
So we have definitely come a long way , " she said .
" It was a very emotional day , " said Nicole . "
A majority of African-Americans also say that Mr. Obama 's presidential win has improved race relations in America .
The inauguration of Barack Obama at the steps of the Capitol was more than just a beginning to a new presidency .
" So to grow_up , and to tell my kids that they can be anything they want to be in the world , there 's no barriers anymore , you can go as far as you want to go , and to have this culminate before us , and we 're there to see it , just unreal , surreal , " said Vurtis .
The Cunninghams " are still smiling over President Obama 's successful jump over the race barrier .
He definitely has his work cut out for him .
EVBCorpus
A strong earthquake has again struck Haiti , shaking buildings and causing panic as international efforts to help those affected by last week 's devastating quake continued .
This will include a vessel designed to clear debris blocking the main port in the capital , Port-au-Prince .
Some damaged buildings in the Haitian capital have been ransacked by people searching for supplies as they await more relief .
But officials say relief efforts have been hampered by blocked roads , bureaucratic confusion and the collapse of local authority .
Officials estimate the earthquake affected an estimated three million -- about a third of Haiti 's population .
After 2008 scare , China finds more toxic milk products
The products were found to contain melamine , which can cause kidney stones and is meant for making plastics , fertilizers and even concrete .
Guizhou health authorities were unavailable for comment .
Vietnam pledges to ensure children 's rights
Vietnam pledges to ensure children 's rights
Twenty years after approving the Convention , Vietnam is making great effort to implement its socio-economic development plans which will help ensure children 's rights in education and healthcare .
At a conference on the Convention , representatives of ministries and sectors involved in childcare and education discussed issues related to the role of the Party , the State and the National Assembly in implementing the Convention and in integrating child targets into the country 's development plans .
In his speech , Mr Hung said Vietnam 's achievements in carrying out the Convention over the past years were due to its cooperation with other committed countries and international organisations .
The assumption of the ASEAN Chair in 2010 will put Vietnam in a position to make stronger contributions to children 's rights , benefiting children in Vietnam , ASEAN and the world .
EVBCorpus
Search For Survivors Continues After Chile Massive Quake
The 8.8 magnitude quake struck the South American country Saturday in the early morning hours .
Officials say the death toll is expected to rise .
Police used tear gas and water cannons to disperse a crowd of looters at one supermarket .
Fires were reported .
The president has not asked for assistance from other countries , but several nations have offered to send aid .
Speaking at the Vatican Sunday , Pope Benedict said he is praying for the people of Chile and other populations in the Pacific tested by the calamity .
The earthquake has raised a daunting first challenge for billionaire Sebastian Pinera , who was elected Chile 's president in January .
Argentina and other parts of South America also felt the earthquake .
The U.S. Geological Survey says an earthquake with a magnitude of 8 or more is classified as a " great " earthquake that can cause tremendous damage .
It had a magnitude of 9.5 and also set off a tsunami , which had devastating effects in Pacific countries including Japan and the Philippines , where at least 1,600 people were killed .
EVBCorpus
Protesters have poured blood at the Thai government 's administrative building and governing party headquarters in a gesture calling for the government to resign .
The red-dressed protesters have been demanding the government of Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva to stand down and call fresh elections .
Sean Boonpracong , the red shirts " international spokesman , says at_least 20,000 protesters donated blood with the rituals targeting the government which he says came to power with the backing of the army .
It had been a prosperous season .
But Prime Minister Abhisit has refused to dissolve parliament , with coalition partners saying they will stand by the Democrat Party .
Amaran is to meet with the government Wednesday .
He was overthrown in 2006 by the military .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Pneumonia , birth asphyxia , and nterm birth complications were the leading causes of death in children under 5 , the researchers said in a paper published on Friday in the Lancet .
" The progress toward reduction of the child mortality rate in China is strongly determined by the degree of socioeconomic development " .
The Chinese government says it has been working to address this inequity since 2003 , putting in place a modest healthcare insurance system that it hopes will help the poorest meet basic medical needs .
" Now we are a 1.33 billion-population , and 1.23 billion are covered .
" I hope that next year , a part of these 100 million people who are still uninsured .... will be brought in . "
( Reporting : Tan Ee Lyn ; Editing : Alex Richardson )
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
China Rushes Aid to Victims of Powerful Earthquake
The China Earthquake Administration estimates the quake as being a 7.1 magnitude , while the U.S. Geological Survey puts it at 6.9 .
The quake struck just before 8 in the morning in the mountainous and remote western area , which divides Qinghai Province and Tibet .
But he says a lack of organization is slowing their efforts .
Telecommunications have been disrupted and roads from the nearest airport are badly damaged .
Rescue equipment is being rushed to the high altitude area .
That quake sparked protests among residents who said the poor quality of buildings was to blame for the large number of casualties , especially children who died when their schools collapsed .
February 1996 : magnitude earthquake hits southwestern Yunnan province , more than 300 killed
May 1974 : magnitude quake hits Sichuan and Yunnan .
EVBCorpus
Oil Spill Spreads Fears Along US Coast Gulf
Oil is flowing from a damaged well 1500 meters under the sea .
President Obama on Thursday ordered federal officials to intensify efforts to deal with the huge spill .
British Petroleum leased the rig , owned by Switzerland-based Transocean .
Oil reached the coastline late Thursday near the mouth of the Mississippi River in the southern state of Louisiana .
Seafood is a big industry along the gulf .
ERIC DRURY : " Everybody 's in the same boat .
Cleanup efforts have included controlled burns .
At the end of March , President Obama called for the United States to expand offshore oil and gas exploration .
Another issue facing the administration this was immigration .
Police could have to take action if they have a " reasonable suspicion " that someone is in this country illegally .
Different groups are moving to fight this new law in court , and the federal government could join them .
President Obama calls this Arizona law " misguided " and said Congress needs to pass immigration reform .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Queen Elizabeth appointed Conservative leader David Cameron as the Prime Minister Tuesday evening .
He is to form a coalition government with Britain 's third largest party the Liberal Democrats , ending 13 years of Labor leadership.
" A coalition will throw up all sorts of challenges but I believe together we can provide that strong and stable government that our country needs . "
Outgoing Prime Minister Gordon Brown handed his own resignation to the queen earlier in the evening .
" In the face of many challenges in a very few short years - challenges up to and including the global financial meltdown - I have always strived to serve , to do my best in the interest in Britain , its values and its people ," said Gordon Brown .
Since then the Conservatives and Labor have jockeyed for the support of the third largest party in order to form a coalition strong enough to take power .
" Well this is a new departure , " said Tony Travers .
The Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats are at odds on a number of major policies including on immigration , the European Union , and the economy .
EVBCorpus
Dutch officials said Ruben van Assouw would return to the Netherlands with his aunt uncle on Saturday morning .
The head Libyan investigator has said the pilot reported no problems during the plane 's approach to land .
" We have explained to Ruben exactly what happened , " they said in a statement to journalists in Tripoli .
" He knows his parents and brother are dead .
The whole family is going to bear the responsibility for Ruben 's future , " they said .
Ruben had been on holiday in South Africa with his parents , Trudy , Patrick van Assouw and his brother , Enzo .
We hope that the media will respect our privacy , " they added .
Sedig Benzala , the head of the team caring for him , said Ruben was recovering well after a half hour operation to repair multiple fractures to his legs .
It is not clear what caused the plane to crash just short of the runway as it approached Tripoli airport .
Dutch forensic experts are helping to identify the bodies .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
India plane crash in Mangalore leaves nearly 160 dead
Indian officials said there were eight survivors among 160 passengers and six crew on board the Air India Express flight from Dubai .
The Boeing 737 overshot the hilltop runway as it tried to land and burst into flames in a valley beyond .
Speaking to Indian TV from his hospital bed , survivor Umer Farooq said he heard a loud thud as the plane touched down .
Mr Farooq was being treated for burns to his arms , legs , and face .
There were up to 20 children on board , our correspondent adds .
TV pictures showed rescue workers and local villagers scrambling on steep hillsides to search the smoking wreckage .
Mr Patel said one person was unharmed , four had minor injuries and three were being treated for major injuries .
One passenger , described as a seven-year-old boy , died on the way to hospital .
He said the pilot had given no distress call to the control tower .
The civil aviation minister said an investigation had been ordered into the crash , and that the flight data and voice " black box " recorders had not been found .
Mr Patel added that one of the plane 's wings had hit a navigational aid near the end of the runway called a localiser and broke off before the rest of the plane plunged into the valley .
A former adviser to the Civil Aviation Ministry said he had given warnings in the past about the airport and said it should not be used by bigger aircraft such as the Boeing 737 .
One of the survivors , KP Manikutty , said the landing had at first appeared to be smooth and then the plane had crashed with no warning .
" Then it split in the middle and caught fire .
I just jumped from the gap , " he added .
India 's air safety record has been good in the past decade , despite a rapid increase in the number of private airlines and air travel in the country .
Human Trafficking a Problem in Major Cities Across US
Human Trafficking a Problem in Major Cities Across US
The Federal Bureau of Investigation says people are being trafficked into major cities nationwide .
He calls it 's a very serious problem in the United States .
Activists say some cases of modern slavery involve forced labor in agriculture .
But more than eighty percent of suspected incidents involve the sex trade .
The Polaris Project operates a telephone hotline that receives calls from around the country -- from states such as Texas , California , New York and Florida .
Victims in the nation 's capital include women from South Korea , China and Latin America .
Tim Whittman from the F.B.I. says illegal sex businesses often limit their customers to avoid being caught .
DEBORAH SIGMUND : " They want to think that they can come to America and have a great job , so it 's very easy to fool them . "
TIM WHITTMAN : " A common threat is 'If you leave , I 'm going to report you to immigration and you 'll be arrested .
Victims of human trafficking can sometimes get a special visa .
It permits them to stay in the United States for up to four years .
EVBCorpus
Officials said Wednesday that 1,072 people have been recorded as dead and more than 600 are missing .
Flooding in China 's Jilin border province has already killed at least 74 people and forced the evacuation of 800,000 .
Economic losses have been estimated at more than $ 30 billion , according to Xinhua , with more rain predicted .
Japan Marks Atomic Bomb Anniversary
Since then on each on August 6 , a somber echo of a temple bell reverberates through Hiroshima 's Peace Memorial Park .
Japan surrendered on August 14 .
I feel that my role has become to live and tell everyone knows a tragic and miserable situation it actually was . "
Stephen Leeper is the chairperson of the Hiroshima Peace Culture Foundation .
By any definition , they were a war crime , so I am down on those bombings , " Leeper said .
The point is how do we keep it from happening again . "
The U.S State Department simply said Mr. Roos was representing the United States " to express regret for all of the victims of World War II . "
" Having Ambassador Roos here , and Ban Ki-moon , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon come here for the first time .
Tokyo has often asked Washington to send an envoy to this annual ceremony .
As the war progressed , many in the United States felt the decisive use of nuclear weapons actually saved lives by preventing a bloody invasion of Japan .
" The United States will take concrete steps towards a world without nuclear weapons , " the president said .
Make no mistake , as long as these weapons exist , the United States will maintain a safe weapons , secure and effective arsenal to deter any adversary , "
The visit by Ambassador Roos Friday also provides a needed boost to Japan relations in the wake of a tense period between the two allies that stemmed from the previous Japanese government 's wavering over an agreement to relocate a controversial U.S Marine airbase in Okinawa .
EVBCorpus
While the eye of the category four ( on a scale of five ) storm is not expected to make a U.S landfall , the hurricane is on course to lash the coast of North Carolina late Thursday before shifting to the north .
The governors of North Carolina , Virginia and Maryland have declared states of emergency .
The National Hurricane Center in Miami also is watching another tropical storm system that is expected to pass near Bermuda by early Saturday .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The worst flooding is in the north , on the Yalu River , which separates North Korea from China .
He said the money will be given to three independent aid groups : Samaritan 's Purse , Global Resource Services and Mercy Corps .
The aid comes amid a flurry of diplomatic activity surrounding North Korea .
" Our humanitarian assistance is provided solely on the basis of the need and our ability to provide the assistance and to monitor that it 's being received by those in need , " he said .
" I do think there 's a sense in Washington and in Seoul of possibly missing out at a time when North Korea is probably going to be making a generational change , " said Foster-Carter .
" Presumably neither the U.S. nor South Korea wants to see North Korea shelter wholly under China 's wing , which I think is certainly one option in the coming years to be honest , " Foster-Carter said .
" If North Korea 's prepared to demonstrate a willingness to act more constructively , then we will respond appropriately and be prepared for further engagement , " said Crowley .
Many obstacles to a final Middle East peace deal
Many obstacles to a final Middle East peace deal
Apparently they spoke in English .
And a lot more talk .
After all , it has been almost 20 years since the first of several peace processes started .
The hardest ones are the future of Jerusalem and finding justice for the millions of Palestinians whose families lost their homes in 1948 in what became Israel .
From now on it gets harder .
That is the day when Israel 's partial freeze on building for Jewish settlers in the occupied West Bank ends .
The Palestinians say if it is not , they will walk away from the talks .
The Americans are working hard to find a way ahead .
That kind of arrangement probably would not last long , but perhaps long enough to keep Mr Abbas talking .
What about Hamas ?
Hamas says Mr Abbas , whose electoral term has expired without a fresh poll , has no right to represent the Palestinian people .
Instead they were sending a grisly reminder of what they are prepared to do .
Past negotiations failed because of the combination of problems at the negotiating table and the spilling of blood on the streets of Israel and the occupied territories .
It relies on a lot going right , quite quickly .
It is quite likely , if concessions involve Jerusalem or occupied land his coalition partners believe should stay under Jewish control .
Mr Netanyahu chose to form a right-wing coalition .
Is Mr Netanyahu serious ?
But others believe he is ready to do a deal .
Israel is the strong side .
The Palestinians at the talks are weak .
The Obama administration is taking a gamble .
The Americans have given the new talks between the Palestinian president and the Israeli prime minister the biggest launch they can - meetings with President Obama , a dinner at the White House with the King of Jordan and the Egyptian president , and a globally televised first session at the US Department of State .
EVBCorpus
Terry Jones said he was calling off the event after the group behind a planned Islamic centre near Ground Zero in New York agreed to relocate it .
US Defence Secretary Robert Gates had telephoned him to urge him to reconsider his plans .
" We would right now ask no one to burn Korans .
" The American people do not want the mosque there , and , of course , Muslims do not want us to burn the Koran , " he said .
I do not expect that . "
Mr Musri said he and Mr Jones had committed to travelling to New York " to come to a decision on moving the mosque " .
He also thanked Mr Jones for his " courage and his willingness to take these serious events that are unfolding " .
" However , I have not spoken to Pastor Jones or Imam Musri, " he added .
We are here to extend our hands to build peace and harmony . "
He and Mr Jones had only agreed to fly to New York to discuss the location of the Islamic centre with Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf .
Malaysia opens " hatch " for abandoned babies
The cries of an abandoned baby boy echo in the nursery at Orphancare , a Malaysian charity that helps orphans find adoptive parents .
But in many ways he is seen as one of the lucky ones .
Close to 500 babies have been found abandoned since 2005 .
Many are found dead .
The Orphancare office is located in a quiet suburb outside Kuala Lumpur .
When the door closes , the baby is safely locked inside and a caretaker fetches the child .
But Noraini Hashim of Orphancare says anonymity is the only way to ensure parents will use the hatch rather than toss their babies in a bin .
The country has a dual track legal system where Islamic law applies to Muslims .
" In that state of depression I suppose the only solution they have is to abandon the baby , " Ms Noraini says .
The Kewaja refuge is one of the few places they can turn to since abortion is not readily available .
The women all wear headscarves and oversized T-shirts to hide their swollen bellies .
Three women agreed to tell me their stories under condition of anonymity .
She ca n't return home until her mother calls her back .
" If the baby knew he was born out of wedlock he will carry the shame for the rest of his life ," she says .
He says shelters like his and the baby hatch help to save lives , but it does n't tackle the problem of unwanted pregnancies .
To keep their pregnancy secret , most of the women who stay at the Kewaja shelter will give their babies up for adoption .
EVBCorpus
The country has planned a series of events to honor the nearly 3,000 people killed in the coordinated assaults by al-Qaida hijackers .
The 110-story buildings collapsed , trapping and killing many employees and rescue workers .
First lady Michelle Obama and former first lady Laura Bush are scheduled to speak at a ceremony in Shanksville .
Critics , including some Republican lawmakers , accused him of being insensitive to the families of the victims .
Key Democrats split with Obama on taxes
Key Democrats split with Obama on taxes
Conrad said recently , summarizing their view :
Senate Democratic leaders know it will be virtually impossible to pass a controversial tax bill without the support of all their members but intend to press ahead with the debate later this month .
" If the only way to pass a bill that did n't raise taxes would to pass a temporary extension , we 'd be open to talking about it , " said the aide .
But the Democratic aide doubted Republicans would seriously work to help Democrats pass a bill this close to the November election .
" I do n't believe the Republicans are interested in compromise , " he said .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Mr Clarke has outlined a " radical " shift from jail sentences to more community-based punishments to focus on rehabilitation and save money .
New measures will involve paying private firms and voluntary groups according to how many prisoners they rehabilitate .
In a speech in June , Mr Clarke said prison had too often proved a " costly and ineffectual approach that fails to turn criminals into law-abiding citizens " .
The former prime minister said " dysfunctional families who produce 14-year-old kids stabbing one another to death " are " making people 's lives hell " and suggested Britain could learn from developing countries which " just do n't accept " criminality .
Germany contradicts French statement on Roma camps
France and Germany are embroiled in a diplomatic row after German Chancellor Angela Merkel flatly contradicted President Nicolas Sarkozy on the issue of Roma camps .
Mr Sarkozy told a news conference that Chancellor Merkel had said to him that she intended to follow France 's example in dismantling Roma camps .
The BBC 's Oana Lungescu , who was at the summit in Brussels , said fresh from a blazing row with the president of the European Commission , President Sarkozy has managed to fall out with his closest ally in Europe .
But promptly after landing in Berlin , the Chancellor 's spokesman firmly denied that Mrs Merkel had discussed any so-called Roma camps with the French president during the summit or on the margins , let alone their evacuation .
It has also evicted French nationals from illegal traveller settlements .
Earlier this week , the EU justice commissioner Viviane Reding had appeared to compare France 's actions to persecutions in Nazi-occupied France .
This is an unprecedented row between Brussels and Paris , our correspondent says .
" It is true that in the past few weeks , some things have been said that are out of order , " Mr Barroso admitted .
Ms Reding later said she regretted interpretations of her statement .
About 5,400 people were evicted from the Roma camps , but the majority of those living in the camps were French nationals , the president said .
UN Summit Aims to Reduce Poverty , Hunger and Disease
UN Summit Aims to Reduce Poverty , Hunger and Disease
U.N. members resolved a decade ago to reduce extreme poverty , ensure every child finishes primary school and stop the HIV/AIDS pandemic .
In his speech Tuesday , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad called for the creation of what he called a " just world order " and said the United Nations should seek a decade " for joint global governance . "
He described the sanctions as hindrances , hurting development in Zimbabwe .
U.S. President Barack Obama addresses the forum Wednesday , on its final day .
Ahmadinejad UN speech sparks walk-outs
The US and other Western delegations at the 65th UN General Assembly have walked out in protest at the speech of the Iranian president
The American delegation was joined in its walk-out by representatives from 32 other nations - including the EU countries , Canada , Australia , New Zealand and Costa Rica.
The Iranian president said he would host a conference on terrorism next year and that 2011 should be the year of nuclear disarmament .
Although he said that was ready to have a serious discussion with US statesmen , our correspondent says that on the evidence of this speech there would be little for them to talk about .
Foreign ministers from countries including the US , UK , China , France , Germany and Russia discussed the issue at a meeting on Wednesday , and it is also likely to be raised on the fringes of the General Assembly .
" Hard realities "
" Some say that the gaps between the parties are too big ; the potential for talks to break down is too great ; and that after decades of failure , peace is simply not possible . "
" The hard realities of demography will take hold .
He said the UN provided a moral compass for a world in which social inequalities were growing , with women and children bearing the brunt .
Obama pledges revamp of foreign aid policy
Obama pledges revamp of foreign aid policy
But he insisted helping poor nations was in the US interest .
" Instability "
He said it was in America 's , and other rich nations ' , interests to help the world 's poorer countries , despite the economic downturn .
He said : " When millions of fathers cannot provide for their families , it feeds the despair that can fuel instability and violent extremism . "
3 Promote gender equality and empower women
7 Ensure environmental sustainability
Countries that were willing to create attractive environments for investment and trade would be helped , Mr Obama said .
" We will reach out to countries making the transition from authoritarianism to democracy , and from war to peace .
BBC diplomatic correspondent Jonathan Marcus says this was a restrained , even humble speech , suggesting an America that wants to listen to others whilst still willing to lead on the global stage .
Earlier in the day the UN launched a $ 40bn ( £25.5bn ) health initiative aimed at saving the lives of 16 million women and children over the next five years .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
In a statement to CNN , Cunningham said defense officials observed the September 20 destruction of 9,500 copies of Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer 's new memoir " Operation Dark Heart . "
Shaffer 's publisher , St. Martin 's Press , released a second of this book .
Burgess said the DIA 's investigation " identified significant classified information , the release of which I have determined could be expected to cause serious damage to national security . "
But intelligence agencies apparently raised objections when they received copies of the book .
According to this publisher , at that time the first printings were just about to be shipped from its warehouse .
The Pentagon says Shaffer should have sought wider for the memoir .
My job : to run the Defense Intelligence Agency 's operations out of ( redaction ) the hub for U.S. operations in country . "
In chapter 15 , titled " Tipping Point , " 21 lines within this first two pages are blacked out .
Defense officials said they are in the process of reimbursing the publisher for the cost of the first printing and have not purchased copies of the redacted version .
EVBCorpus
A state of emergency has been declared in Ecuador after President Rafael Correa accused the opposition and security forces of a coup attempt .
Unrest has been reported across Ecuador amid anger at a new law cutting benefits for public servants .
Mr Correa has received strong support from governments throughout the Americas , with a string of Latin American nations and the US all speaking up for the embattled president .
Banks are robbed , while schools and businesses close due to the lack of security
Venezuela 's president claims Mr Correa is " in danger of being killed "
The drama began on Thursday morning when members of the armed forces and police angry at the austerity measures occupied several barracks and set up road blocks across the country .
" If you want to kill the president , here he is .
" If you want to seize the barracks , if you want to leave citizens undefended , if you want to betray the mission of the police force , go ahead .
However , Mr Correa was forced to flee the barracks wearing a gas mask shortly afterwards when tear gas was fired by the protesters .
One exploded near my face .
" It is a coup attempt led by the opposition and certain sections of the armed forces and the police , " he added .
" Kidnapped "
" They are trying to oust President Correa .
Police later fired tear gas at supporters of the president who tried to break up their protest at the hospital , witnesses said .
The protesters were carrying signs demanding the government give more respect to the military over benefits , witnesses said .
" We will take whatever appropriate action that government decides on . "
A BBC News website reader , Andrea M, said : " Thieves have taken advantage of this situation , and started attacking people in the streets .
Peru and Colombia both closed borders with Ecuador , while the US said it backed Mr Correa and was " closely monitoring " the situation .
On Wednesday , one minister said President Correa was considering disbanding Congress because members of his Country Alliance had threatened to block proposals to shrink the bureaucracy .
Protests toppled three presidents during economic turmoil in this decade before Mr Correa , a 47-year-old US-trained economist , took power in 2007 .
EVBCorpus
US billionaires Bill Gates and Warren Buffett are hosting a dinner in Beijing for some of China 's richest individuals .
This 42-year-old is a well-known philanthropist , decided to go one step further when he got a call from Bill Gates and Warren Buffett .
There was particular criticism when people found out that Mr Chen does not even give money to his own siblings .
He said he had helped them in the past , but they had squandered his money .
Entrepreneurial spirit
But from an early age Mr Chen began to understand two things that have guided him throughout his adult life : business and charity .
Charity was the second idea that this businessman learned about early , mainly from the example set by his mother .
Mr Chen 's first experience of helping others came as a youngster when he handed over his hard-earned money to pay for a neighbour 's school fees .
A report on philanthropy in China published by the Shanghai-based Huran Research Institute earlier this year listed Mr Chen as the country 's fourth-most-generous giver .
This campaign urges US billionaires to give away more than half their wealth to charitable causes .
If you have a bucket a whole family can benefit . "
He admits that he is brash - but he believes that is the only way to encourage more people to give to charity .
China warns Nobel Committee not to honour dissident Liu
EVBCorpus
China has warned the Nobel Peace Prize committee not to award the prize to well-known dissident Liu Xiaobo .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize would send the wrong message to the world , the spokeswoman said .
More than 100 Chinese scholars , lawyers and campaigners have urged the Nobel Peace Prize committee to honour him this year .
Trade talks
The Norwegian oil firm Statoil said last month that it was hoping to look for shale gas in China .
Europe hit by widespread strikes
Strikes took place across Europe Wednesday in protest against government austerity measures .
Workers from across Europe took to the streets of Brussels on Wednesday in protest against European austerity measures .
Millions of people in Europe have lost their jobs since the global financial downturn and European governments are reigning in public spending in a bid to combat major deficits .
In Spain , unions , representing hundreds of thousands of workers , launched the country 's first general strike in eight years .
Some strikers reportedly scuffled with police and bags of garbage were left uncollected on the streets ; protesters stopped trucks from delivering basic groceries and airlines were forced to cancel some flights .
Director of the General Workers Union in Spain Robert Tormamira said in the past three years two million jobs have been destroyed .
The Greek government has implemented strict austerity measures that have led to a series of strikes and protests .
EVBCorpus
STOCKHOLM ( AFP ) – IVF pioneer Bob Edwards , who brought the joy of parenthood to millions of infertile couples , won the Nobel Prize for Medicine on Monday , more than three decades after the first test tube birth .
" We hold Bob in great affection and are delighted to send our personal congratulations to him and his family at this time . "
The egg divides , is allowed to develop into an early-stage embryo and is then inserted in the woman 's uterus where , if all goes well , it will become a baby .
" In the best of cases they are transferred into a uterus but most probably they will end up abandoned or dead , which is a problem for which the new Nobel Prize winner is responsible , " he added .
" His achievements have made it possible to treat infertility , a medical condition afflicting a large proportion of humanity including more than 10 percent of all couples worldwide , " the Nobel Assembly at the Swedish Karolinska Institute said .
" No one wanted to take the ethical risk .
Together they established the Bourn Hall Clinic in Cambridge , the world 's first centre for IVF therapy .
" Long-term follow-up studies have shown that IVF children are as healthy as other children , " the Nobel jury said , pointing out that Louise Brown and a number of other IVF children have naturally given birth to children themselves .
EVBCorpus
Heavy US reliance on private security in Afghanistan has helped to line the pockets of the Taliban , a US Senate report says .
The study by the Senate Armed Services Committee says this is because contractors often fail to vet local recruits and end up hiring warlords .
Nine out of 10 of them work for the US government .
" All too often our reliance on private security contractors in Afghanistan has empowered warlords , powerbrokers operating outside Afghan government control " , Democratic Senator Carl Levin , chairman of the Senate committee , said .
He is said to have funded the Taliban and to have hosted a meeting with a senior commander responsible for a wave of roadside bombs targeting Nato troops .
The study follows July 's Congressional inquiry , which said that trucking contractors paid tens of millions of dollars a year to local warlords for convoy protection .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Several countries including the US , France and Germany , called for his immediate release .
" You 'll understand when you hear the name . "
10 Years of Peace Prize Winners
2007 : Al Gore and the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
2005 : IAEA and Mohamed ElBaradei
2002 : Jimmy Carter
She told AFP news agency :
The prize is worth 10 million Swedish crowns ( $ 1.5M ; £944,000 ) and will be awarded in Oslo on 10 December .
UN human rights commissioner Navi Pillay said the prize recognised a " very prominent human rights defender " .
The London-based rights group Amnesty International said Mr Liu was a " worthy winner " .
Michelle Obama tops Forbes most powerful women list
Michelle Obama tops Forbes most powerful women list
Media mogul Oprah Winfrey , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton completed the top five .
The magazine said , Mrs Obama had given a new generation of girls and women around the world a role model .
" They have built companies and brands , sometimes by non-traditional means and they have broken through gender barriers in areas of commerce , politics , sports and media and cultural zeitgeist , and thereby affecting the lives of millions , sometimes billions of people . "
Three chief executives feature among Forbes ' top 10 most powerful women .
EVBCorpus
Three of the 33 men rescued after 69 days trapped in the San Jose mine in Chile have been discharged from hospital and allowed to go home .
Copiapo hospital 's deputy medical director Dr Jorge Montes the three men who left would be allowed to carry out physical activity and would need sunglasses only if they were exposed to intense light .
Dramatic rescue
The miners were hauled to the surface one at a time in a complicated and dramatic operation that took about 22 hours from the time the first miner reached the ground .
" The trip up was calm , " said rescued miner Richard Villarroel .
As they arrived at the surface , each miner was greeted by President Pinera , he promised a review that would lead to a " very radical change " affecting the health and safety of workers in mining as well as the transport , fishing and construction industries .
He also invited them for a game of football the same day against the officials who had helped rescue them .
Offers
The miners survived the first 17 days of their ordeal by eking out rations that were meant to last just a few days before rescuers found them via a probe lowered down a bore hole about the width of a grapefruit .
One of the children , Ximena , has described how her father has become so pale after his 69 days underground that he resembles the cartoon ghost , Casper .
The Chilean government has promised to care for the miners for at least six months .
Typhoon Megi death toll rises to three in Philippines
Baguio , Philippines ( AFP ) - Philippine authorities said Tuesday the death toll from Typhoon Megi had risen to three , as the storm dumped heavy rains across the main island of Luzon for a second consecutive day .
The head of the Philippine Red Cross , Gwen Pang , said it was too early to know the extent of the damage .
There are still many areas without power and communications , while some roads are cut off by landslides .
By Tuesday morning it was about 210 kilometres ( 130 miles ) off the west coast of Luzon and heading toward the South China Sea , the state weather bureau said .
EVBCorpus
Typhoon Megi is heading toward southern China after killing at least 13 people in the northern Philippines .
Thousands of people have been evacuated from Guangdong 's coastal areas .
Typhoon Megi flattened parts of Luzon island with winds of up to 225 kilometers per hour .
Megi was the strongest storm to hit the Philippines in four years .
EVBCorpus
The codes used by the president to launch a nuclear strike were mislaid for months during the Clinton administration , the former highest-ranking officer has said .
The codes are usually held by an aide who remains close to the president .
Under the procedures , an official was sent every month to check the codes , and that they were replaced every four months with new codes .
Gen Shelton said it was apparent that the president had not had the codes and that he had been unaware that an aide had lost them .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Heavy monsoon rains across Southeast Asia have taken an increasing toll on lives and infrastructure , with reports of the worst floods in Vietnam in decades .
Bangkok is bracing for floods in the next few days as overflowing rivers in the northern provinces make their way to the sea through the plains of central Thailand .
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung promised flood victims assistance in rebuilding .
Immediate financial assistance has come from China and the U.S.
Bhupinder says a key challenge is to ensure people have emergency food because floods as deep as five meters have destroyed rice stocks in some areas .
Hong Kong , Macau and Taiwan all are expecting heavy rains , winds and high waves from the storm .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Mullen also called the release of nearly 400,000 classified U.S. military documents from the Iraq war " irresponsible " .
Among the revelations , the documents indicate more than 100,000 people were killed following the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 , and that more than 60 percent of them were civilians .
The files contain raw accounts from the battlefield , including incidents in which American soldiers killed civilians at checkp oints , or fired on insurgents who had tried to surrender .
The new documents also exhibit cases in which Iraqi forces abused Iraqi detai nees .
WikiLeaks has not identified the source of the documents but suspicion has fallen on an Army intelligence analyst , Bradley Manning , who is currently in military custody .
EVBCorpus
The powerful earthquake hit off western Indonesia late Monday , triggering a tsunami warning that sent thousands of panicked residents fleeing to high ground , 25 Oct. 2010 .
The waves up to three meters high hit the Mentawai islands , about 280 kilometers off western Sumatra .
" We have local disaster management at Padang , because right now the condition of the wave is quite high , " said Wijaya .
The quake could be felt as far away as Singapore .
It is the latest in a line of natural disasters to hit the area , but Wijaya says for now the damage is manageable .
Indonesia sits on the Pacific Ring of Fire , an area prone to seismic shifts that spark earthquakes and volcanic activity .
After that disaster Indonesia worked to establish early warning systems and disaster management programs to help deal with future quakes .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Disaster official Ade Edward says the 3m ( 10ft ) surge is likely to have carried many of the missing out to sea , or buried them in the sand .
Aid agencies said people on the islands still urgently needed to food and shelter , three days after a 7.7-magnitude undersea earthquake triggered the tsunami .
" Of those missing people we think two-thirds of them are probably dead , either swept out to sea or buried in the sand , " he told the AFP news agency .
Indonesia 's state-run news agency Antara reported that 468 houses had been completely destroyed by the wave .
" There are still may bodies lying about , underneath coconut trees and in other places . "
In comments translated on the Jakarta Globe website , House of Representatives Speaker Ali Marzuki suggested relocating people living next the sea , adding : " Anyone who is afraid of waves should n't live near seashore . "
The vast Indonesian archipelago sits on the Pacific Ring of Fire , one of the world 's most active areas for earthquakes and volcanoes .
EVBCorpus
Joseph S. Nye is a Distinguished Service Professor at Harvard University , and author of_the " The Future of Power " , which Public_Affairs press will publish in February .
In 1994 and 1995 , he served as assistant secretary of defense for international security affairs .
By 1900 , Germany had surpassed Britain in industrial power , and Kaiser Wilhelm II was pursuing an adventurous , globally oriented foreign policy that was bound to bring about a clash with other great powers .
While its " market Leninist " economic model ( the so-called " Beijing Consensus " ) provides soft power in authoritarian countries , it has the opposite effect in many democracies .
Soft power is the ability to produce preferred outcomes by attraction rather than coercion or payment , and China has announced major efforts to increase its soft power .
Moreover , as countries develop , there is a tendency for growth rates to slow .
Unlike India , which was born with a democratic constitution , China has not yet found a way to solve the problem of demands for political participation ( if not democracy ) that tend to accompany rising per capita income .
The Chinese political system suffers from a high level of corruption , and should the economy falter , it is vulnerable to political unrest .
Xi Jinping has been anointed the likely next leader ( in 2012 ) , but not even he knows how China 's political future will evolve .
Already , some younger party members and military men argue that China 's success in recovery from the global financial crisis should lead to a greater political role .
Whatever Chinese intentions are , it is doubtful that China will have the military capability to expel the United States from East Asia .
China 's recent overreaction to a maritime collision near the disputed Senkaku islands led to a hardening of attitudes in Japan .
The fact that China is not likely to become a peer competitor to the United States on a global basis does not mean that the dangers of conflict in Asia can be completely ruled out .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joseph S. Nye .
Dozens die in new Mount Merapi eruption in Indonesia
An estimated 75,000 resident have been evacuated from the area .
Many of the dead are believed to be children from Argomulyo village , 18km ( 11 miles ) from the crater , the Associated Press news agency quotes emergency officials as saying .
Government volcanologist told AP : " This is the biggest eruption so far .
Cuba passenger plane crash kills all 68 people on board
Cuba passenger plane crash kills all 68 people on board
Rescuers found no survivors when they reached the site of the crash , Cuba 's Civil Aviation Authority said .
The other 33 passengers and seven crew members were all Cuban .
A Civil Aviation Authority statement said the foreigners on the passenger list included nine Argentines , seven Mexicans , three Dutch citizens , two Germans , two Austrians , a French citizen , an Italian , a Spaniard , a Venezuelan and a Japanese citizen .
Emergency crews and local residents had to use bulldozers to cut through thick vegetation to reach the crash scene , Cuban media say .
A tropical storm warning had been issued in Santiago de Cuba province where the plane took off .
Japanese prime minister faces tests at home and abroad
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Kan is a leader looking for a path out of a maze of domestic and international hurdles .
Japan is in an ongoing dispute with China over islands in the east China Sea .
In fact , the Senkaku islands are the inherent territory of Japan .
Japan arrested the Chinese crew , quickly releasing the fishermen , but detaining the captain .
The video , deemed highly sensitive by the prime minister 's office as it sought a smooth diplomatic out with China .
Members of the prime minister 's own party publicly began to question his handling of the matter .
" It is totally different from presenting it to the public in an official manner , and it leads ( to ) the people 's further erosion of faith in Japan 's government . "
" I believe in any country that matters that relate to its territory provoke strong sentiments among people of that country .
Kan strongly defended his government 's right to intervene in the currency market , in attempts to weaken the yen 's sharp rise against the U.S. dollar .
In fact , we 've already intervened in the market once .
The topic is a natural one , as there have been five Japanese prime ministers in four years .
" As we move forward by achieving concrete results , one after another , these will become more visible to the Japanese people .
US and Israel agree to seek Middle East peace talks
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu have agreed after hours of discussions to seek the resumption of direct Middle East peace talks .
The Palestinians have left negotiations over the new settlement construction .
" Their teams will work closely together in the coming days toward that end . "
But after more than seven hours of talks , the two gave no indication as to how they intended to break the impasse over Jewish settlement building .
The Palestinians have said they will not return to the negotiating table until new settlement construction halts .
Negotiations , launched with what correspondents described as great pomp by President Barack Obama in early September , ran aground after just two rounds of talks .
Earlier on Thursday , speaking in Ramallah at an event to mark the anniversary of the death of Yasser Arafat , Palestinian Authority President asked Israelis to choose peace over settlements .
Nato to debate Afghanistan at crucial Lisbon summit
NATO members are preparing to meet in Portugal for what is being billed as one of the most crucial summits in the alliance 's 61-year history .
Afghan President Hamid Karzai , who is scheduled to address the summit on Saturday , has said he wants NATO to hand back control of the country by the end of 2014 - a deadline the US has described as realistic but not set in stone .
Alliance credibility
On Thursday , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said the alliance had " underestimated the challenge " in Afghanistan but was confident it was now " on the right track " .
Mr Medvedev will meet the leaders on Saturday , becoming the first Russian president to attend a NATO summit since his country 's conflict with Georgia in 2008 .
He said there was " no higher national security priority " for the government before the start of the new Congress in January .
Spy chief resigns
The summit will also debate proposals on changing NATO 's command structure , in an attempt to reduce bureaucracy and expenditure .
He is reported to have told colleagues he was quitting " to draw attention to the mistake that is being made " in closing seven of the agency 's overseas bureaux .
Hundreds Die in Tragic End to Cambodia 's Water Festival
After midnight Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen went on television to tell a shocked nation that 339 people had died on the pedestrian bridge linking Diamond Island in the Tonle Sap river with the mainland , and about 329 people had been injured .
Most suffocated on the bridge which thousands of people were using to leave Diamond Island .
She says the bridge was packed with people trying to get back to the mainland , and several people fainted .
Sem Pagnaseth , a vendor on the mainland side said thousands of people were crammed on to the 100-meter long bridge trying to leave .
He says only a few police were working on crowd control at the bridge before the incident , but once the stampede began the police acted quickly to pull as many people out as possible .
Boats were scouring the waters of the river below for more bodies .
Japan 's Justice Minister Yanagida quits over gaffe
Japan 's Justice Minister Yanagida quits over gaffe
Minoru Yanagida said the only two phrases he had to remember in parliament were : " I wo n't comment on individual cases " and " I am acting in accordance with the law and the evidence . "
Falling support
Plenty of Japanese politicians have been felled by gaffes before , says the BBC 's Roland Buerk in Toyko including a tourism minister .
Falling support for the centre-left government has complicated efforts to enact the crucial $ 61 bn ( £38billion ) stimulus package which the government hopes will stimulate the economy .
US Marks 47th Anniversary of Kennedy Assassination
US Marks 47th Anniversary of Kennedy Assassination
His wife , Jacqueline Kennedy , was by his side when the bullets struck .
He was arrested shortly after the shooting , but never faced trial .
His body was returned to Washington and buried at Arlington National Cemetery , overlooking the nation 's capital .
EVBCorpus
US President Barack Obama said he was " outraged by the attack on Yeonpyeong island .
It was also denounced by Russia Japan and European countries .
Two South Korean marines died when dozens of artillery shells landed on the island most of them hitting a military base .
Casualties on the northern side are unknown .
" We want to make sure all the parties in the region recognise that this is a serious and ongoing threat that needs to be dealt with " , Mr Obama said .
The US has 28,000 troops stationed in the South .
UN spokesman Farhan Haq said Secretary General Ban Ki-moon was " deeply concerned by the escalation of tension on the Korean peninsula " .
Russia 's Foreign Minister warned of a " colossal danger " , and said those behind the attack carried a huge responsibility .
The EU and the UK also condemned the North , but China : the North 's main ally : refused to apportion blame .
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak called the incident " an invasion of South Korean territory " , and warned that future provocations could be met with " enormous retaliation " , including missile strikes on North Korean positions .
The North warned that will strike back if South Korea dares to invade our sea territory by 0.001mm .
On Saturday , it emerged that Pyongyang had shown off what it claimed was a new uranium enrichment facility to an American scientist .
The western maritime border , also known as the Northern Limit Line , has been the scene of numerous clashes in the past .
EVBCorpus
The authorities expressed concern over the incident and called for both countries " to do more '' to contribute towards peace .
When it comes to North Korea , Beijing almost never criticises its neighbour , no matter how troublesome it proves .
Buffer state
When the reclusive North Korean leader Kim Jong-il needs foreign backing , he boards his train and heads to China .
Beijing views the country as a buffer state against a democratic South Korea and American forces stationed there
It was a rare moment when China sought to publicly punish the regime .
Indeed , the West hopes that Beijing can exert its influence in Pyongyang to ease tensions .
Iran Agrees to Talks on Nuclear Program
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Ashton 's office says she will act on behalf of the United States , Britain , France , China , Russia and Germany .
Western nations accuse Iran of pursuing nuclear technology to make weapons , a charge Tehran denies .
Climate Change Conference Begins in Mexico
The United Nations Climate Change Conference got underway in the Mexican beach resort of Cancun Monday with calls for decisive action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions worldwide as part of an effort to curb global warming .
He said climate change is already a reality for Mexico and the whole planet .
" Our environmental is at risk , " said Ambassador Williams .
The European Union is urging China , the United States and other countries emitters of greenhouse gases to put aside differences and commit to a legally binding agreement .
How do you create confidence in the process and for one country in the actions of the other countries . "
EVBCorpus
The Ivorian military has sealed the country 's borders and cut international media as tensions rise over the outcome of the presidential election run-off
" The air , land and sea border of the country are closed to all movement of people and goods , " Ivorian military spokesman Babri Gohourou said .
The announcement of the result of Sunday 's run-off had been much delayed , leading to heightened tension in this country .
He was speaking under armed guard at a hotel , rather than from the commission 's headquarters
At about same time , the head of the Constitutional Council , Paul Yao N'Dre , who is seen as being close to Mr Gbag bo , said it was taking over the declaration from the election commission
The election was intended to reunify the world 's largest cocoa producer which split in two after a civil war in 2002
French President Nicolas Sarkozy has urged the constitutional council to " respect the will clearly expressed by the Ivorian people " , while the US White House said that " no party should be allowed to obstruct further the electoral process " .
EVBCorpus
The whistle-blowing website says the freeze includes a defence fund and personal assets worth 31,000 euros .
Sources have told the BBC that the European Arrest Warrant for Mr Assange arrived on Monday afternoon .
Sweden first issued an arrest warrant for Mr Assange on 18 November but it was invalidated by a procedural error .
" Mr Assange entered Geneva as his domicile .
Late last week , the internet payment giant PayPal froze 60,000 euros of donations to the German charity the Wau Holland Foundation , which were targeted to promote the sharing of knowledge via Wikileaks , "
Several UK sites are listed , including cable locations , satellite sites and BAE Systems plants .
Do they see themselves as some sort of force of anarchy ?
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
A car containing Prince Charles and Duchess of Cornwall has been attacked amid violence after MPs voted to raise university tuition fees in England
In angry scenes , protesters battled with police in Parliament Square .
Prime Minister David Cameron said it was shocking and regrettable protesters had attacked the prince 's car
The government 's majority was cut by three-quarters to 21 in a backbench rebellion .
Six Conservative MPs voted against .
Earlier , protesters had largely taken Parliament Square and against lines of police in front of the Houses Parliament
Smashing windows at shops in Oxford Street
In violent scenes earlier , the BBC 's Mark Georgiou said there had been injuries to both police and protesters near to Westminster Abbey
" I have spoken to Paul Stephenson , the Met Commissioner , and he has updated me on the appalling levels of violence seen today
" Attacks on police and property show that some of the protesters have no respect for London or its citizens . "
The package of measures will see fees rising to an upper limit of £9,000 per year - with requirements for universities to protect access for poorer students if they charge more than £6,000 per year
House Democrats vent on tax plan , focus criticism on estate tax
The estate tax is scheduled to be reinstated at a higher rate of 55 % next year , with the exemption up to $ 1 million .
Schwartz said if the administration agreed to do that , she could support this package , but she could not predict how many other Democrats would do the same .
According to a senior House Democratic aide , Democratic Rep Van Hollen of Maryland , who represented House Democrats in discussions with the administration and Republicans , said the decision to accept the GOP estate tax proposal was " an unnecessary giveaway to Kyl " .
The aide added , " they view it as a trend , " noting that it started with the president 's stimulus package .
But Pelosi made it clear Democrats were unhappy , telling reporters outside the meeting , " I think it 's fair to say that there is a certain amount of unease with the proposal that was put forth by the president . "
Vice President Joe Biden is scheduled to talk to House Democrats Wednesday afternoon .
EVBCorpus
Ellingham Hall is a 10-bedroomed property set on 600 acres of land near Bungay on the Norfolk-Suffolk border
Mr Assange , who is fighting extradition to Sweden over sex charges involving two women , was granted bail in London earlier this week but remained in jail after prosecutors objected
EVBCorpus
London , tuberculosis capital of Western Europe
In 1999 , there were about 2,309 cases .
" We are concerned to see cases of TB at their highest levels since the 1970s , " said Dr. Ibrahim Abubakar , head of tuberculosis surveillance at Britain 's Health Protection Agency , in a statement .
In France , an estimated 10 people per 100,000 have tuberculosis .
Most tuberculosis cases in Britain are in people born overseas , although not in recent arrivals .
" The rise in tuberculosis cases has nothing to do with migration and immigrants , " said Alimuddin Zumla of University College London , author of this commentary .
Britain is one of the world 's biggest foreign aid donors , with considerable investments in projects fighting tuberculosis in poor countries .
" Charity begins at home . "
Why Americans hate paying taxes
( CNN ) - Nobody likes paying taxes , but American culture seems to increasingly treat taxation as a something close to a crime committed by the ruling class .
The country 's airwaves and editorial pages have been filled with arguments support and against .
The politics of it touch on something primal because when America talks taxes , economics are hardly the only issue .
The Boston Tea Party is remembered as one of the seminal events leading up to the American Revolution .
A grateful citizen or observant visitor might even regard them as money well spent ; Americans have excellent roads , dependable public services and most of the basic benefits of good government .
It 's easy to see those roots in the American Revolution and this young nation 's veneration of individual effort and free enterprise .
But 18th century American philosopher Henry David Thoreau is probably best remembered for refusing to pay his taxes as a form of civil disobedience against slavery .
Some of its most militant members have tried low-level terrorism .
They take their cue from the late Nobel Prize winning economist Milton Friedman who argued for " cutting taxes under any circumstances and for any excuse , for any reason , whenever it 's possible . "
They argue that in the U.S. , both are too high .
For now , the attention has been on taxes .
EVBCorpus
In a traditional Christmas address , President Lula said he had shown it was possible to govern in the interests of all Brazilians , not just the wealthy
President Lula , 65 , is leaving office with approval ratings of over 80 %
He listed his achievements in reducing poverty and promoting sustained economic growth , as well as slowing deforestation
Lula , a former metalworker and trade unionist , did not reveal his plans after leaving the presidency
Man of the people that I always was , I will be more of the people than ever before . "
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Car buyers have been swamping dealers in anticipation of the new rules which will still leave about five million cars in this capital .
It will be difficult to dramatically improve this traffic situation in a short time ," said Liu Xiaoming , deputy director of the Beijing Traffic Management Bureau .
About 750,000 new cars appeared on Beijing 's streets this year , raising the total of registered vehicles for the city 4.8m .
The authorities have delayed the imposition of a congestion charge - a fee for cars to enter specified zones - saying this idea needed more study .
But it will be really inconvenient when the streets become so congested " .
Yang Ailun of Greenpeace China told the BBC that the restrictions had come far too late .
Residents say that Beijing 's roads sometimes resemble car parks .
EVBCorpus
San Diego , California ( CNN ) -- Nearly six years ago , I left Texas to move back home in California .
U.S. Census Bureau data released this week confirm that , during the last decade , the tide was definitely going the other way .
That will be second only to California , which has 55 electoral votes .
Arizona , Georgia , Nevada , Utah , South Carolina and Washington all picked up one extra seat .
Texas is the buckle in that belt .
Now , they 're still leaving the Northeast -- but also leaving California -- to head to Texas in pursuit of lower taxes , less government regulation , lower home prices and a spirit of independence .
Texas is the second-largest state in area , behind Alaska .
But somewhere in its bloodstream , there is an inferiority complex .
Election results confirm that Dallas County and Harris County , which includes Houston , are home to more Democrats than they used to be .
You can't talk honestly about population growth in Texas without acknowledging two things .
Second , much of the rest of Texas " population growth is tied to the phenomenal increase in the Hispanic population .
That 's not surprising .
And in Texas , Hispanics will likely account for nearly 40 percent of this state 's population .
Welcome to the new America .
EVBCorpus
" High-quality photography shows both , beauty and the things that really matter .
Without much ado , they let us know why we must think of these children and how . "
They document the living conditions of children who are in difficult circumstances such as war , material and emotional distress after natural disasters but also moments of happiness and joy of living .
The US withdrew their troops and north and south Vietnam were reunited .
Agent Orange contains dioxins that are known to cause cancer and damage genes .
2nd Prize 2010 Majid Saeedi | Getty Images
Outbreak of yet another civil war .
Bloody internal struggles .
They looked for shelter in the Pakistani city of Peshawar .
In the meantime , Akram 's family has returned to Kabul where he received arm prostheses thanks to the help of the International Red Cross .
And this realization is cruel because it 's final .
According to cautious estimates by UNICEF , approx 1.8 million children and adolescents worldwide are abused through prostitution .
It is the same drug that is also used in countries like Bangladesh to fatten cattle .
West chides Russia over ex-tycoon Khodorkovsky trial
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
West chides Russia over ex-tycoon Khodorkovsky trial
Russia has not yet responded , but previously rejected Western criticism of the guilty verdict as interference
" The impression remains that political motives played a role in the trial , " she said in a statement .
Their lawyers are expected to appeal but if Khodorkovsky does remain in jail until 2017 , it will mean he does not return to society until well after the next Russian presidential election .
On Thursday , the court in Moscow sentenced the two men to 14 years in prison , to run concurrently with the eight-year handed down in 2005
As sentence was passed , the defendant 's mother shouted at this judge : " you and your offspring be damned ! "
He accused the Russian authorities " headed by Putin " of leaning on the justice system .
After tax police filed enormous claims for unpaid taxes against Yukos , Khodorkovsky 's old company filed for bankruptcy in 2006
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
South Korea must unite to survive , says President Lee
He added : " If ( we ) are afraid of war , we can never prevent war . "
The Korean peninsula has been tense since the North shelled the Southern island of Yeonpyeong last month , killing four people .
" Sacred war "
Their will to challenge breaks . "
Since this incident the South has replaced its defence minister and embarked on a military exercises while ratcheting up its rhetoric .
At the end of his speech , Mr Lee said the still wanted peaceful reunification with the North .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
American editors and news directors are asked to vote for what they consider the top stories .
Close to five million barrels of oil were released into the Gulf until the leak was contained in the middle of July .
President Obama won a major political victory with congressional passage of his health care reform plan .
The congressional elections in November were another big story .
Economists reported in twenty-ten that the worst recession since the nineteen-thirties had ended .
It killed at least two hundred thirty thousand people and left millions of others homeless .
The movement had a big influence on the Congressional elections .
Millions of people around the world watched on television as each miner was safely brought to the surface .
They included comments by American diplomats about the lives of world leaders and criticisms of foreign governments .
Afghans are to control their own security by the end of twenty fourteen .
Fireworks may have caused Arkansas bird deaths
Officials say more than 3,000 birds fell over the city of Beebe .
" They started going crazy , flying into one another , " said AGFC spokesman Keith Stephens .
Poisoning has been ruled out after several cats and dogs that ate the dead birds suffered no ill effects .
City authorities have hired a specialist waste disposal firm to collect the dead birds from gardens and rooftops , and remove them .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
US Defence Secretary Robert Gates has announced a $ 78 bn ( £50.3bn ) military budget cut , in part by scrapping a $ 14bn amphibious fighting vehicle .
Those savings will be redirected to other defence programmes , but the new cuts slow growth in the overall budget .
Much of the roughly $ 178bn in defence cuts will come through reduced administrative costs , new organisational efficiencies , and slashed personnel costs , which the defence department called a " vigorous scrub of bureaucratic structures " .
Mr Gates said much of the savings would be achieved by eliminating more than 100 general and flag officer positions , more than 200 top civilian defence positions , by cancelling redundant programmes and through reduced administrative costs .
Among the major weapons systems set for the scrap heap is the amphibious Expeditionary Fighting Vehicle ( EFV ) , made by General Dynamics Corporation .
Mr Gates has been sceptical about whether large military vehicles , like tanks and EFVs , will continue to be crucial military instruments as engagement in modern warfare changes .
The major weapons programmes cuts are likely to encounter opposition from US congressmen and senators in whose constituencies the arms are manufactured .
Death toll mounts from flooding in Rio de Janeiro state .
Death toll mounts from flooding in Rio de Janeiro state .
The death toll has been steadily climbing as rescuers reached remote villages in the mountains .
Another 20 people died in the nearby town of Petropolis .
The Brazilian Navy has offered helicopters to fly in equipment and personnel .
In Teresopolis , a river burst its banks , submerging buildings , while the rainfall set off several mudslides .
" We just do n't know what to do in the face of something so horrible , " he added
Sea of mud
Major roads have been cut by floods and landslides , adding traffic chaos to the challenges facing state officials .
Most people saved themselves by scrambling up trees or fleeing to higher ground . "
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Its revenues were also ahead of market expectations , rising 8% to $ 11.5bn .
RBC Capital Markets analyst Mahesh Sanganeria said Intel 's latest figures were " great " .
EVBCorpus
US federal agents have charged 127 suspected mobsters in multiple investigations into New York 's organised crime families .
" We are committed and determined to eradicating these criminal enterprises and bringing their members to justice , " Mr Holder said during a news conference in Brooklyn .
" It ( the mafia ) is an ongoing threat to the economic well-being of this country , " he said .
Officials said alleged leaders of all the five major crime families in New York were arrested , including the entire leadership of the Colombo family not already in prison .
Decades of offences
Mr Holder said the charges spawned from decades of offences , including murders within rivalling crime families , a killing during a botched robbery and even a double homicide after an argument in a pub .
Mafia families in the US have seen a sharp decline in fortunes in the past 10 years as the result of court testimony from informants , who have begun breaking their code of silence in recent years .
Vitale , who was arrested in 2003 , gave authorities information on at least 11 murders , which helped bring down the once prominent Bonanno family in the New York area .
Suicide Bombing Kills 35 at Moscow Airport
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has ordered extra security at all Russian airports and train stations , after a suicide bomber blew himself up in Moscow's biggest airport Monday , killing at least 35 people .
At least 145 people were wounded .
Blood-covered survivors scrambled through emergency exits .
But the Interfax news agency quotes a law enforcement source as the bomber 's severed head was found .
The Arab League called terrorism unacceptable , and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak telephoned Mr.Medvedev to express condolences to the victims .
The two women responsible for the subway attacks were from Dagestan , a southern Russian region torn by Islamic extremism .
Russia is battling an Islamist insurgency in the North Caucasus region , where there are near daily armed attacks on government and security officials .
Google to launch Groupon competitor
We have the documents to prove it - one of our sources has sent us a confidential fact sheet straight from the Googleplex about this company's new group buying service .
They then have the opportunity to buy that deal within a specific time limit ( we assume 24 hours ) .
Google is actively reaching out to businesses to get them on board with Offers .
This search giant clearly isn't giving this market up without a fight , though .
Google has responded to our inquiry and sent us the following statement :
This initiative is part of an ongoing effort at Google to make new products , such as the recent Offer Ads beta , that connect businesses with customers in new ways .
We've also learned that Google will pay out 80% of a business ' revenue share three days after its deal runs .
Tunisia announces major cabinet reshuffle after protest
Tunisian PM Mohammed Ghannouchi has announced a major reshuffle of the interim government .
Protests are continuing , demanding a purge of Mr Ben Ali's allies .
Mr Ghannouchi announced the cabinet overhaul late on Thursday , saying he had included very competent people in his new line-up .
The endorsement by the UGTT may go some way towards softening opposition to Mr Ghannouchi among protesters , says the BBC's Magdi Abdelhadi in the capital Tunis .
We were surprised to see him announce the government , " protester Mohammed Fadel in Tunis was quoted as saying by Reuters .
Thailand-Cambodia Border Uneasy Calm After Clashes
Thai officials say they have resumed discussions with Cambodia to try to establish a ceasefire in a disputed border area .
Colonel Chinnakaj Rattanajitti is a Thai military spokesman for this area .
Cambodian authorities were not immediately to confirm any agreement .
This sides blamed the other for starting the fighting .
At the Kantharalak district a camp is set up for villagers who fled the fighting .
She says her husband goes back to the village daily to feed their fish and chickens and guard their home , but she and the children will go back only when Thai authorities say it is safe .
now , villagers welcome this uneasy calm and express hope that it will last so they can return to normal life .
EVBCorpus
Military officials from North and South Korea are holding their first talks since the North shelled a South Korean island in November , leaving four dead .
Tuesday 's talks , being held between colonels , could pave the way for a meeting of the two countries ' defence ministers .
Summit hopes
It says the North must show what it calls sincerity before receiving economic assistance .
EVBCorpus
Mr Obama said " too many Egyptians remain unconvinced that the government is serious about a genuine transition to democracy " .
" The Egyptian government must put forward a credible , concrete and unequivocal path toward genuine democracy , and they have not yet seized that opportunity , " he said .
The US president 's remarks came in the strongest statement yet from the White House on the Egypt protests , and are a sign the White House is not satisfied by Mr Mubarak 's announcement , says the BBC 's Andrew North in Washington .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
All four , who are already banned from travelling abroad , deny any wrongdoing .
Allegations against the four men arrested on Thursday range from money laundering to abuse of authority and squandering state wealth .
Some policemen have been calling for the prosecution and even execution of the former minister .
Anti-corruption campaigners have been pressing prosecutors to open an investigation into the assets of Mr Mubarak and his family .
Strong quake hits New Zealand , causing injuries
A strong , 6.3-magnitude earthquake rocked the southern New Zealand city of Christchurch on Tuesday , seriously injuring people and damaging buildings throughout the city .
Christchurch Mayor Bob Parker said he was on the top floor of the city council building when the quake hit just before 1 p.m. local time .
The station also said staffers in its Christchurch newsroom had to cling to their desks during the shaking , with large filing cabinets toppling over .
" What I can see from where I am in the central city is that there are significant amounts of additional damage , " Parker said .
" It was evident straight away that a lot of buildings had gone . "
It records more than 14,000 earthquakes a year - but only about 150 are felt by residents , and fewer than 10 a year do any damage .
Libya : Opposition hopes for new era in Benghazi
Libya : Opposition hopes for new era in Benghazi
They loaded construction site vehicles with petrol and rammed them against the walls of the barracks , and ground down the troops inside .
By Monday , Benghazi was safely in opposition hands but it is tense because of the bitterness of the fighting .
They are running the city from the local court house .
Some people from the city have armed themselves with looted weapons .
As word spread that the British Navy frigate HMS Cumberland was arriving there , British citizens began arriving from across Libya .
Some workers had travelled hundreds of miles from remote desert compounds in southern Libya , some had just come from the city .
" All the smoke was happening at the military installations all around .
Foot-and-mouth disease spooks South Koreans
Seoul ( CNN ) - A South Korean farmer for 15 years , Sa , lost his livelihood overnight .
" Some have them buried right on their farm , " he says .
Do you think anyone would want to come here and look at them buried like this ? "
South Korea has been battling its largest-ever outbreak of the disease since November .
But concerns remain .
" There 's nothing else to do , " Sa says .
" I 'm worried that something like this might happen again .
He says he will try to breed more cattle and rebuild his life .
The agriculture ministry has rejected some claims of blood and fat leaking from mass graves and into water supplies .
But the outbreak has created a wide sense of distrust in the government within the farming community .
Hwang has vaccinated his cattle twice but is taking no risks .
Wikileaks : Suspect Bradley Manning faces 22 new charges
The US Army has charged a soldier held in connection with the leak of US government documents published by the Wikileaks website with 22 extra counts .
This intelligence analyst is being held at a military jail in Virginia .
Under the US Uniform Code of Military Justice , this offence is punishable by death .
Fresh details
The newly released list of charges offers details on the records Pte Manning is accused of obtaining illegally .
250,000 records from a US state department diplomatic database
In recent months , Wikileaks has published troves of documents it titled the Iraq War Logs , the Afghan War Diary , and reams of secret US state department cables spanning five decades .
EVBCorpus
Food prices hit new record highs , says UN food agency
The UN 's Food Price Index rose 2.2% in February to the highest level since the UN 's Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) began monitoring prices in 1990 .
Apart from sugar , the FAO said all commodity groups had risen in price .
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) said it was "extremely concerned " about this situation .
The FAO said it expected world cereal production to have declined overall last year .
More Than 140,000 People Flee Libya
The United Nations refugee agency says over the past 10 days , more than 140,000 people have fled to Egypt and Tunisia from Libya .
This agency says it is crucial to move tens of thousands of people away from the overcrowded border to avoid a humanitarian crisis .
UNHCR spokeswoman Melissa Fleming says this agency has erected 1,500 tents , which can shelter 12,000 people .
What is unfortunate is that thousands of people are waiting on the Libyan side of the border to enter .
We are very concerned that a large number of sub-Saharan Africans are not being allowed into Tunisia at this point .
She says the UNHCR is particularly worried about thousands of refugees and asylum-seekers stuck inside Libya .
Fleming reads a recent message sent by a refugee to UNHCR staff in Libya describing the fearful conditions under which he and his family are living .
There is racism .
I am crying .
Why is nobody concerned about the Somali migrants in Libya ?
She says they say they feel trapped , threatened and hunted .
Amnesty says Guatemala must act on killing of women
The authorities must also do more to ensure the perpetrators are brought to justice , the human rights group said on the eve of International Women 's Day .
" Women in Guatemala are dying as a consequence of the state 's failure to protect them ," Amnesty 's Guatemala researcher Sebastian Elgueta said .
In 2008 , Guatemala passed a law specifically aimed at violent crimes against women , but Amnesty says the authorities are not making full use of their powers .
EVBCorpus
The Dalai Lama said he would begin the formal process of stepping down at a meeting of the Tibetan parliament-in-exile next Monday .
The announcement came in a speech by the Dalai Lama marking the anniversary of the 1959 Tibetan uprising .
He added that his decision was not made because he wanted to " shirk responsibility " or felt disheartened .
" It also has huge potential to contribute to human progress and world peace .
The Dalai Lama , who heads Tibet 's exiled government , has lived in Dharamsala since fleeing across the Himalayas following the failed 1959 uprising against Chinese rule .
The protesters wore yellow T-shirts and waved red and blue Tibetan flags , chanting " Free Tibet " and " We want freedom " .
China responded to the unrest with a massive military crackdown .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The men were detained on Monday and held for 21 hours , but have now flown out of Libya .
Artillery and tanks have pounded the city - which lies 50km ( 30 miles ) from the capital Tripoli - over the last four days .
" Gun against neck "
One of the three , Chris Cobb-Smith , said : " We were lined up against the wall .
I saw him and he screamed at me .
A second member of the team - Feras Killani , a correspondent of Palestinian descent - is said to have been singled out for repeated beatings .
" A busive treatment '
Most of detainees were hooded and handcuffed really tightly , all with swollen hands and broken ribs , in agony , and screaming . "
I spent at least six hours helping them drink , sleep , urinate and move . "
But the BBC said in a statement that it " strongly condemns this abusive treatment " .
" Despite these attacks , the BBC will continue to cover the evolving story in Libya for our audiences both inside and outside the country " .
State TV reported that the army had retaken Zawiya , and showed pictures of what it said were residents staging a pro-Gaddafi rally .
High-ranking members of the Libyan leader 's inner circle were sent to Cairo , Brussels , Lisbon and Malta to approach government officials .
Japan earthquake : Huge relief mission launched
A mammoth relief mission is swinging into action in north-east Japan , a day after it was struck by a devastating tsunami , claiming hundreds of lives .
The tremor struck in the afternoon local time on Friday at a depth of about 24km , 400km ( 250 miles ) north-east of Tokyo .
Japanese media says the death toll will exceed 1,000 .
Prime Minister Naoto Kan plans to hold an emergency cabinet meeting early on Saturday , before visiting the disaster zone by helicopter .
The country 's military has mobilised thousands of troops , 300 planes and 40 ships for the relief effort .
One of the worst-hit areas was the port city of Sendai , in Miyagi prefecture , where up to 300 bodies have been found in one ward alone .
Some 1,800 homes were reported to have been destroyed in the city of Minamisoma , Fukushima prefecture .
They also warned there could be small radiation leaks as steam was released from the reactors , where pressure was reported to be considerably higher than normal .
I thought I would die , " said Sayaka Umezawa , a 22-year-old student who was visiting the port of Hakodate .
At least 20 people were injured in Tokyo when the roof of a hall collapsed on to a graduation ceremony .
Thousands of people were ordered to evacuate coastal areas in the states of California , Oregon and Washington .
But the alert was later lifted in most parts , including the Philippines , Indonesia , Australia and China .
Explosion at Japan nuclear plant
A second explosion has hit the nuclear plant in Japan that was damaged in Friday 's earthquake , but officials said it had resisted the blast .
Japan 's Nuclear Safety Agency said the blast was believed to have been caused by the build-up of hydrogen .
Evacuations
We had to pick our way through a sea of mud .
Here the waves toppled houses ; they lie at crazy angles .
As you gaze over the wrecked landscape , it feels as if the natural order of things has been shaken , and nobody knows when it will settle down again .
Japanese police have so far confirmed 1.597 deaths , but the final toll is expected to be much higher .
At least 22 people are now said to be undergoing treatment for radiation exposure .
Experts say a disaster on the scale of Chernobyl in the 1980s is highly unlikely because the reactors are built to a much higher standard and have much more rigorous safety measures .
The government advised people not to go to work or school on Monday because the transport network would not be able to cope with demand .
Preliminary estimates put repair costs from the earthquake and tsunami in the tens of billions of dollars , a huge blow for the Japanese economy that - while the world 's third largest - has been ailing for two decades .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The warning comes after the plant was rocked by a third blast which appears to have damaged one of the reactors 's containment vessels for the first time .
" Do n't go outside "
Radiation levels in the Japanese capital were reported to be higher than normal , but officials said there were no health dangers .
Those living between 20km and 30km were also at risk and should not leave their homes .
Please stay indoors .
" Do n't turn on ventilators .
Japan also announced a 30-km no-fly zone around the reactors to prevent planes spreading the radiation further afield .
Shares on the Tokyo stock exchange plummeted 14% before recovering slightly .
It followed a blast at reactor 1 on Saturday .
The BBC 's Chris Hogg in Tokyo says that would make it a more serious incident than the previous explosions , which were thought just to have damaged the buildings that housed the reactors .
More than 500,000 people have been made homeless .
Fukushima workers withdraw after radiation spikes
A spike in radiation levels at Japan 's stricken Fukushima nuclear plant has forced workers to suspend their operation , a government spokesman says .
The site has also been hit by four explosions , triggering radiation leaks .
It is believed that about 50 employees had been working at the plant to try to stabilise its four reactors .
Officials had earlier warned people within 20-30km ( 12-19 miles ) of the site to either leave the area or stay indoors .
Three hours later , Japan 's Nuclear Safety Agency said flames could no longer be seen .
So... ( it ) appears to be that vapour is coming out from the broken part .
There 's a high probability of such a phenomenon going on , " Mr Edano said .
Kyodo news agency says the storage pool may be boiling and further radiation leaks are feared .
On Tuesday morning , a third blast hit the building of reactor two , while a fourth damaged the building of reactor four .
Mr Edano has said that cooling seawater is being pumped into reactors one and three - which are returning to normal - and into reactor two , which remained unstable .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The plant has already been hit by four explosions , triggering radiation leaks and sparking health concerns .
More than 3,300 have been confirmed dead and thousands are missing after the quake and tsunami last Friday .
It is the second fire to hit the spent fuel storage pond at reactor four in 24 hours .
The crisis at the plant - which contains six nuclear reactors - began when the earthquake struck .
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said cooling seawater was being pumped into reactors one and three - which were returning to normal - and into reactor two , which remained unstable .
After Tuesday 's explosions and fire , radiation dosages of up to 400 millisieverts per hour were recorded at the Fukushima Daiichi site , about 250km north-east of Tokyo .
Three other nuclear power plants shut down automatically during Friday 's earthquake .
In a television interview on Tuesday , he said he was " deeply worried " about radiations leaks in Japan , but added : " The nuclear facilities that we have here are closely monitored ...
The government has deployed 100,000 troops to lead the aid effort .
EVBCorpus
A top US nuclear official said attempts to cool reactors with sea water to prevent a meltdown appeared to be failing and workers could be exposed to " potentially lethal " radiation doses .
The plant was severely damaged by last week 's huge earthquake and tsunami .
Some US military personnel in Japan have been given tablets against possible radiation effects .
Workers have been dousing the reactors with sea water in a frantic effort to stabilise their temperatures , since the first in a series of explosions rocked the plant on Saturday .
The helicopters soon left the site in order to minimise the crews ' exposure to radiation .
Plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Co. has said it is seeking to restore the power supply to the plant 's cooling systems " as soon as possible " .
The doses they could experience would potentially be lethal doses in a very short period of time . "
TV stations interrupted programming to show the emperor describing the crisis facing the nation as " unprecedented in scale " .
Mr Sato said centres already housing people who had been moved from their homes near the plant did not have enough hot meals and basic necessities such as fuel and medical supplies .
In other developments :
Australia advised its citizens to consider leaving Tokyo and the most damaged prefectures
About 450,000 people have been staying in temporary shelters , many sleeping on the floor of school gymnasiums .
Japan earthquake : Foreign evacuations increase
As concern grows over Japan 's stricken nuclear power plant , several countries are boosting efforts to evacuate their nationals from the area .
Workers are battling to cool overheating fuel at plant after a series of explosions led to fears large amounts of radiation could be released into the atmosphere .
The US State Department has also laid on flights for citizens wishing to leave Japan and has authorised the departure of some 600 dependents of diplomatic and commercial staff in Japan .
" We have uncertainty of power supply , we have problems with train services , we have problems with public transport services , many schools have closed and there is this repeated series of aftershocks " .
About 380,000 people are currently still in temporary shelters .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The rape victim , known as Woman A , told the court he had first attacked her at the tourism ministry office , and later at a hotel in Jerusalem .
He had initially agreed with prosecutors to plead guilty to sexual misconduct , avoiding more serious charges .
Sentencing 65-year-old Katsav - the first former Israeli head of state to be jailed - the judges told him no-one was above the law .
The Associated Press reported that Katsav broke down in tears when he heard the sentence , shouting at the judges : " You made a mistake .
His lawyers told the BBC he would not go to jail immediately as the court had allowed him a 30-day grace period to lodge an appeal .
" We believe the plaintiff ( Woman A ) because her testimony is supported by elements of evidence and she told the truth . "
EVBCorpus
Japan 's Meteorological Agency released its first tsunami warnings just three minutes later .
Information about the strength and the center of the earthquake can be learned within three minutes .
But these measures proved no match for the powerful earthquake and tsunami .
They had a warning .
He says there are two reasons for this .
The nine point zero magnitude earthquake was the fourth most powerful earthquake ever recorded worldwide .
" The concrete seawalls in many places are about 10 meters , that 's about 33 feet .
To get to higher ground people would often have to travel for many kilometers .
Experts say early warning systems will continue to be limited by these facts until earthquakes and tsunamis can be predicted
Elizabeth Taylor to be buried outside Los Angeles
Taylor , one of the 20th Century 's biggest movie stars , died in Los Angeles on Wednesday of congestive heart failure .
Taylor 's most famous films included National Velvet , Cleopatra and Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ?
Earthquake Hits Myanmar
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
One person in northern Thailand was reported killed , a bridge was destroyed near the epicenter , homes were damaged in southern China and buildings shook as far away as Bangkok , Hanoi and Yangon , Myanmar 's largest city .
One woman was killed in the Thai border city of Chiang Rai , about 70 miles south of the epicenter , when a wall fell on her as she was sleeping , Thai television reported .
" The situation here was very chaotic when the earthquake hit . "
It also reported a smaller quake , of 4.8 magnitude , about a half-hour later .
The tremors Thursday caused panic in Hanoi , 380 miles to the east of the epicenter , where residents said they heard the shattering of windows , the Vietnam News Agency reported .
Hours after the quake , people in villages near the epicenter remained in the streets afraid to return indoors , said Jenny McIntyre , communications manager in Yangon for World Vision , a children 's aid agency .
" I suddenly felt really sick and strange and I realized that everything was rocking , the lightshades were all rocking , " she said .
It was so scary .
Obama calls for deep cuts in U.S. oil imports
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
In a speech that was short , details on how to curb U.S. energy demand , Obama did not pretend there were speedy measures to curb mounting fuel costs , which could threaten this country 's economic recovery by weighing on American spending and confidence .
As he rolled out a blueprint on energy security , Obama said this country must curb dependence on foreign oil that makes up roughly half of its daily fuel needs .
Obama laid out four areas to help reach target of curbing U.S. dependence on foreign oil : lifting domestic energy production , fostering the use of more natural gas in vehicles like city buses , making cars and trucks more efficient and boosting alternative energy by encouraging biofuels .
Obama also reiterated nuclear power would be a part of the country 's long-term energy plan , stressing the lessons from the nuclear disaster in Japan would be studied carefully , while making just passing reference to climate change .
" Presidents have been saying this since the days of Richard Nixon . "
A Quinnipiac University poll released on Wednesday showed that 48 percent of American voters disapprove of Obama 's job performance , and 50 percent think he does not deserve to be re-elected in 2012 , compared with 42 percent who approve and 41 percent who feel he does deserve to be re-elected .
Prices ranged between $ 104.13 and $ 104.81 a barrel in Wednesday 's trade .
The U.S. Interior Department estimates millions of acres ( hectares ) of U.S. energy leases are not being exploited by oil companies and the White House wants that to change .
" What we hear ... actually disincentives .
EVBCorpus
The British foreign office said Wednesday that Koussa traveled from Tunisia to London under , telling officials he is resigning .
U.S. officials called Koussa 's resignation " very significant , " an example of growing splits inside the Libyan government .
The New York Times reported that the CIA has put an unknown number of operatives into Libya to gather intelligence and make contact with anti-Gadhafi forces .
Many opposition fighters fell back to the city of Ajdabiya , from where residents were seen fleeing along the road toward the opposition stronghold of Benghazi .
The spokesman ( Colonel Ahmad Bani ) also said as many as 3,600 heavily armed members of the Chadian Republican Guard are fighting alongside Gadhafi loyalists .
He also said the opposition leadership appeared to be " responsible men and women " fighting the Libyan government .
Western nations began enforcing a United Nations authorized no-fly zone over Libya on March 19 to protect civilians from harm .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Austrian police arrest " Obama-mask robber "
Police said a bank employee was held at gunpoint before the robber fled the scene in a car .
Reports say the latest robbery happened on Thursday afternoon and this man was arrested about an hour later in a nearby wood .
Mr Mitlohner told media that this suspect is a German citizen .
Following the " Obama robber 's " raid in the town of Handenberg in January , police said his technique never changed - only his getaway cars .
Detectives said at the time he speaks the local dialect but could also be from Bavaria , just across the border in Germany .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
He spoke after U.S. media reported that the CIA has small teams working with anti-government rebels in the North African country .
The two men said if the rebels are to get arms and training , countries other than the U.S. assistance .
Gates said Washington will seek to avoid " mission creep " that could mire the U.S. in a protracted conflict in Libya .
Republican Senator John McCain told this two officials he is " disappointed " in the decision to pull back American forces before a regime change .
But he warned Mr.Gadhafi " still possesses substantial military capability , " compared to the poorly equipped , anti-government rebel trying to overthrow him .
Afghanistan : Taliban gunmen attack Kandahar police base
The Taliban say they carried out this attack .
Kandahar has experienced some of the worst of the violence in Afghanistan in recent years and is seen as the spiritual homeland of the Taliban .
Witnesses heard a number of explosions .
This area was sealed off and helicopters were seen flying overhead .
NATO officers acknowledge that progress is " fragile " .
EVBCorpus
Officials ordered mass evacuations and workers at the damaged Fukushima nuclear plant took shelter after the quake triggered a tsunami warning .
A 63-year-old woman died when the tremor knocked out power in Yamagata prefecture , shutting off her respirator .
All seven of the workers at Fukushima Daiichi were safe , a spokesman for plant operator Tepco told a news conference in Tokyo .
Thursday 's quake struck at 2332 local time ( 1432 GMT ) on Thursday , 118km ( 78 miles ) north of Fukushima , 40km offshore .
This quake was strong enough to shake buildings in Tokyo , 265km to the south .
Japan 's meteorological agency issued tsunami warnings and advisories for a stretch of coast 420km long , from Aomori prefecture in the north to Ibaraki prefecture in central Japan , just north of Tokyo .
EVBCorpus
The small port of Shin Futsu sits on the edge of Tokyo Bay , about a two hour drive from this capital .
Mr Ogawa is trying to salvage the nets and lines he grows seaweed on .
But it is the difficulties they are having at the nuclear plant that really worries him .
I'm just about to plant rice , I don't want radiation on my rice . "
The prefecture of Chiba where Shin Futsu sits may get some protection from ocean currents which might spread the contamination away from the coastline out to sea .
But it's likely they would be large enough to worry consumers whose business , of course , the fishermen of Shin Futsu depend on .
" What I'm really worried , even more than the radiation issue , is public opinion , " their spokesman Yoshiaki Ito says .
Yasuyo Katoh 's wrapped in a bonnet to protect her from the sun .
I just wish things would get back to normal .
" I don't know what I will do when that runs out , " she explains .
I just wish things get back to normal . "
But you will also find plenty of others who are uneasy about the prospects for the weeks ahead and uncertain about the dangers or at least the problems they 're currently facing .
Microsoft Intros Windows 8 Optimized Mice and Keyboards
The mouse is accompanied by the slim Microsoft Wedge Mobile Keyboard , specifically designed to fit the needs of tablet users .
The Sculpt Mobile Keyboard that accompanies it also features Bluetooth connetvity c i , the same design as Microsoft 's Comfort Curve , battery-saving technology inside , and a suggested price of US$ 49.95 .
- Two-finger movements manage apps , switch through open apps and show app commands .
As stated above , all these products have been optimized for use on the upcoming Windows 8 platform .
" Microsoft Hardware is designed by Microsoft , optimized for Windows . "
EVBCorpus
Up to 1,000 bodies are thought to be in the area , but their retrieval has been delayed because of radiation fears.
Police said falling radiation levels had made it possible .
" If we find bodies contaminated with high levels of radiation , we will wash the remains before we take them to a morgue . "
More than 150,000 have been made homeless .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
However , Judge Mitchell Beckloff made the decision after concerns were raised over Ms Jackson 's absence from the family home .
Police were called to Ms Jackson 's home on Monday as a result of a " minor scuffle " reportedly involving two members of the Jackson family .
There have been conflicting claims about her wellbeing and whereabouts , with pictures emerging of her later with relatives in Arizona .
Michael Jackson died aged 50 of an overdose of the anaesthetic , propofol , in June 2009 .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
However , if it is caught early , the chances of cure are higher - and methods of screening women for early signs of the disease are being evaluated .
" One of the major problems with ovarian cancer is that it 's insidious - it 's a difficult tumour to diagnose - which is one of the reasons why the majority of patients are diagnosed at later stages rather than earlier stages . "
Women with ovarian cancer in its early stages rarely have more than the most subtle symptoms .
It is only as a tumour grows and spreads that the symptoms become more pronounced .
A doctor examining for the signs of ovarian cancer will carry out a full pelvic examination , feeling for the presence of a pronounced tumour .
barium enema - the patient is given a mildly radioactive enema then a series of x-rays .
However , the only way to confirm the presence of ovarian cancer is by performing a biopsy operation to take a tissue sample .
If a woman has a close relative who has had the disease , the risk of her developing the disease increases .
In addition , women who have previously suffered from breast cancer are twice as likely to get ovarian cancer in the future .
This normally involves removal of the ovaries , the womb and the fallopian tubes , which link the two ovaries .
Chemotherapy can be given after surgery , or beforehand in selected cases .
If the cancer involves a whole ovary , both ovaries , or has spread to involve other tissues , the chances of cure fall .
Miscarriage
What is a miscarriage ?
It is usually your body 's way of ending a pregnancy that has had a bad start .
Miscarriages are very common .
Most miscarriages happen because the fertilized egg in the uterus does not develop normally .
A miscarriage is not caused by stress , exercise , or sex .
What are the common symptoms ?
The bleeding may be light or heavy , constant or off and on .
But if you have bleeding with pain , the chance of a miscarriage is higher .
Call your doctor if you think you are having a miscarriage .
As long as you do not have heavy blood loss , a fever , weakness , or other signs of infection , you can let a miscarriage follow its own course .
If you have not had your blood type checked , you will need a blood test to find out if you are Rh -negative .
In this case , medicine or a procedure called a dilation and curettage ( DC ) can more quickly clear tissue from the uterus .
It usually takes place over several days , and symptoms vary .
Use pads instead of tampons .
You may use tampons during your next period , which should start in 3 to 6 weeks .
Eat a balanced diet that is high in iron and vitamin C.
Foods rich in iron include red meat , shellfish , eggs , beans , and leafy green vegetables .
If you feel very sad or depressed for longer than 2 weeks , talk to a counselor or your doctor .
If you don't want to get pregnant , ask your doctor about birth control options .
It is unusual to have three or more miscarriages in a row .
EVBCorpus
It rarely makes a person feel ill .
Blood pressure is a measure of the force exerted by the blood flowing through the arteries - the vessels that carry blood from the heart to the body .
Repeated of high pressure can damage the arteries , causing them to thicken and become less elastic .
This is especially as you get older , as blood pressure goes up with age .
The second is called the diastolic pressure , which is the force while the heart is relaxing and filling with blood again in preparation for the next contraction .
What causes it ?
Some medications may also cause a rise in blood pressure .
Smoking is not a direct risk factor for high blood pressure , but it does increase the chance of heart attack , heart failure and stroke .
Medications are also available to help lower blood pressure , including ACE inhibitors , beta-blockers , calcium channel blockers and diuretics .
If you have hypertension , reducing your blood pressure by 5mmHg can reduce your risk of having a heart attack by about 20% .
Travelling without your child
Kids " readiness to stay at home depends largely on their age .
For them , comfort is vital .
So it 's important to assure them that this is n't the case and to explain the reason for a trip in terms they understand .
School-age kids might more directly show their feelings of sadness or anger about a parent 's departure .
So consider scheduling activities to engage them while you 're gone .
If you also have younger children , you can explain that the caregiver is there because of them and ask your teen to help the babysitter look after the younger kids while you are gone .
Preparing the Caregiver
Things to cover :
- tips for comforting your child
- what to do in the event of a medical emergency , including where and how to reach you at all times
- your travel itinerary , including times when you might be unreachable
- library cards
- a full tank of gas in your car ( also check the oil and tires )
Stocking the Medicine Cabinet
- antiseptic
- cool-mist vaporizer
- sterile gauze pads and surgical tape
If your child takes medication regularly , make sure there 's a sufficient supply and that your caregiver knows how to administer it .
Besides your itinerary , leave a folder with your child 's medical information and these phone numbers :
- your dentist
- poison control center
- your child 's medical record ( listing allergies , current medications , height , weight , age , and vaccination history )
Think carefully about how much contact will comfort your child while you 're away .
Be prepared for your child 's behavior when you return .
If this happens , provide your child with the same sort of reassurance and discipline that you would in any other situation .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Health officials battling the first flu pandemic in 41 years got some good news recently : Just one dose of vaccine appears to protect most adults .
This news is surprising and welcome .
" In essence , it mitigates some of the problems that we're talking about when talk about inadequate supplies for everyone , " he said .
But schools are already open , the weather is turning cooler , and the flu season is underway in the northern hemisphere .
One student said " I 'm just really hearing that it 's going to expand and maybe explode on college campuses .
Health officials say those in high risk groups should be among the first to be vaccinated ; pregnant women and children , young adults , people with chronic conditions , those who care for young children and health workers .
Leukemia
What is leukemia ?
When you are healthy , your bone marrow makes :
When you have leukemia , the bone marrow starts to make a lot of abnormal white blood cells , called leukemia cells .
Leukemia cells can also spread to the lymph nodes or other organs and cause swelling or pain .
In general , leukemia is grouped by how fast it gets worse and what kind of white blood it affects .
Chronic leukemia gets worse slowly and may not cause symptoms for years .
Myelogenous leukemia affects white blood cells called myelocytes .
The four main types of leukemia are :
Acute myelogenous leukemia , or AML.
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia , or CLL.
Chronic myelogenous leukemia , or CML.
What causes leukemia ?
These things are called risk factors .
Had some types of chemotherapy to treat another cancer .
But most people who have these risk factors don't get leukemia .
Fever and night sweats .
Bone or joint pain .
Getting a lot of infections .
Losing weight and not feeling hungry .
To find out if you have leukemia , a doctor will :
The doctor will look for swollen lymph nodes and check to see if your spleen or liver is enlarged .
This test lets the doctor look at cells from inside your bone .
What type of treatment you need will depend on many things , including what kind of leukemia you have , how far along it is , and your age and overall health .
In many cases , acute leukemia can be cured .
But chronic myelogenous leukemia will probably be treated right away .
Chemotherapy , which uses powerful medicines to kill cancer cells .
Radiation therapy uses high-dose X-rays to destroy cancer cells and shrink swollen lymph nodes or an enlarged spleen .
Stem cell transp lant .
Biological therapy .
Often people with leukemia take part in these studies .
Finding out that you or your child has leukemia can be a terrible shock .
This will help you make the best choices and know what to expect .
Talk to other people or families who have faced this disease .
EVBCorpus
Welsh footballers Ryan Giggs and Craig Bellamy were both criticised for failing to sing at the first British men 's football match of the Olympics
But his and Bellamy 's failure to sing drew criticism on football forums and Twitter .
Another wrote : " I think it 's down to the fact that they feel under pressure not to sing the national anthem , probably get slated by the taffies . "
EVBCorpus
Most burns are minor injuries that occur at home or work .
There are many types of burns .
Scald burns with hot liquid are the most common burns to children and older adults .
Radiation burns are caused by the sun , tanning booths , sunlamps , X-rays , or radiation therapy for cancer treatment .
Motorcycle or bicycle riders who have road accidents while not wearing protective clothing might get friction burns .
Burns injure the skin layers and can also injure other parts of the body , such as muscles , blood vessels , nerves , lungs , and eyes .
The deeper the burn and the larger the burned area , the more serious the burn is .
See a picture of a first-degree burn .
See a picture of this type of second-degree burn .
See a picture of a third-degree burn .
The seriousness of a burn is determined by several factors , including :
Burns affect people of all ages , though some are at higher risk than others .
Older adults are at a higher risk for burns , mostly scald burns from hot liquids .
Men are twice as likely to have burn injuries as women .
A child 's age determines how safe his or her environment needs to be , as well as how much the child needs to be supervised .
Since most burns happen in the home , simple safety measures might prevent accidents and decrease the chance of anyone getting burned .
If the reported cause of the burn does not match how the burn looks , abuse must be considered .
Home treatment for a minor burn will reduce the risk of infection .
Researchers : AIDS vaccine cuts infection for first time
Researchers : AIDS vaccine cuts infection for first time
In a major scientific breakthrough researchers in Thailand say they have made progress in developing a vaccine for AIDS .
It is the first vaccine to reduce infections .
The U.S. Ambassador to Thailand , Eric John , said it raises hopes that drug combinations could be effective as a vaccine in the future .
Other partners in the project include the Thailand Ministry of Public Health , the group Global Solutions for Infectious Diseases and pharmaceutical company Sanofi Pasteur .
This is the first phase three trial that shows that an efficacious vaccine and a safe vaccine can be designed .
Certain anti-retroviral drugs can prolong life for HIV carriers by years , but they are costly .
Infection rates are highest in Southeast Asia , although they appear to be declining in Cambodia , Brunay and Thailand .
Kitchen Wisdom : Alternative Treatments for Common Ailments
Melanie Grimes
Below are some of the most common and easily prepared remedies for everything from stomachache to cold and congestion to household burns .
Use of chicken soup was reported as early as the 12th century , or possibly even as far back as the ancient Greeks .
Massage Castor Oil or dry mustard ( mixed with water to make a paste ) on the chest , cover with muslin or flannel , and place a warm hot water bottle over the chest .
It is also a great digestive tonic .
CHAMOMILE TEA can be used to soothe a stomachache .
GINGER is also good for an upset stomach .
Ginger is also an antiviral , which means that it can help kill viruses and help you recover from viral infections .
It also helps induce a sweat if you have a fever .
TURMERIC is a natural anti-inflammatory .
ELDERBERRIES are another great herb to help break a fever .
Raw GARLIC has anti-fungal , antibacterial , and antiviral properties .
Honey can be used on burns to speed healing and dull the pain .
A spoon of honey and lemon , anyone ?
Old Fashioned LICORICE can reduce stress .
That 's the fight-or-flight mechanism in our bodies .
A recent study showed that 1,000 mg of Vitamin C every six hours can effectively relieve , or even prevent , flu symptoms .
It is found in yogurt and other cultured foods .
EVBCorpus
The World Health Organization says it will begin shipping millions of doses of the swine flu vaccine to poorer countries , possibly as early as November .
European Union ( EU ) Health Commissioner Androulla Vassiliou says members agreed to urge countries that have supplies of the vaccine to share them with countries in need .
EVBCorpus
More Than One Billion People Going Hungry
United Nations food agencies report more than one billion people , or one sixth of the world 's population , are going hungry .
This report finds the combined food and economic crises have pushed the number of hungry people worldwide to historic levels .
" Really , we should be calling this world hunger day , not World food day , " said Casella .
It says the economic crisis has cut the amount of foreign aid and investment going to poor countries .
It says high food prices are causing families to fall deeper into destitution and the hunger-poverty trap .
In sub-Saharan Africa , 265 million people are going hungry and in Latin America and the Caribbean 53 million people are undernourished .
" 14,000 children a day are dying from hunger-related causes .
That is the most frustrating thing about what we are talking about .
But , the point is if the conditions were right and if farmers could get to their fields and if food could get to markets , people all over the world would have enough food to eat and today they do not . "
EVBCorpus
Teens With Psychosocial Disorders Prone to Internet Addiction
Published : Thursday , 8 October 2009
Most people are able to integrate online time into their lives in a balanced healthy manner , but others develop a stronger dependency , often replacing work , school , friends and even family with countless hours surfing the Web , instant messaging and blogging , or playing Internet video games .
The students were asked to fill out questionnaires that assessed whether they had attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) , depression , social phobia or abnormal feelings of hostility .
After two years , roughly 11 percent of the students were addicted to the Internet .
But the greatest risk factors were found to be ADHD and hostility .
Girls with social phobias and those suffering depression were also at greater risk , though these factors did not affect boys .
" If you have a child that is hyperactive , the Internet can move at their pace .
The study authors say that because computer use is a way of life in the United States , the potential exists for childhood computer addiction to become a major public health problem , a sentiment echoed by the authors of an editorial accompanying the study in the October Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine .
This is especially important for children with mental health conditions .
There is debate about whether to include Internet addiction as a separate illness in the next edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , publish in 2012 , which determines which mental illnesses are covered by insurance .
Report calls attention to millions of preterm births
First of two reports .
Each year millions of babies are born too soon and too small .
Preterm babies that survive can suffer a lifetime of serious health conditions .
His group and the World Health Organization recently published a report called " The Global and Regional Toll of Preterm Birth . "
And these are just estimates ; the true numbers could be even higher .
Africa has the highest rate , with about four million cases each year .
Lack of provision of family planning - allowing a women to decide when to start and end having children and how to space her children .
Preterm birth rates in the United States have increased thirty-six percent in the last twenty-five years .
One is an increase in pregnancies among women over age thirty-five .
Fertility treatments can produce multiple births , which increases the risk that the babies will arrive early .
That will be our subject next week .
Scientists Prove Mother Can Pass Cancer to Her Unborn Baby
Attached to the inside of the uterus and connected to the fetus by the umbilical cord , the placenta works as a trading post between the mother 's and the baby 's blood supply .
And scientists have long suspected that cancer can cross the placental barrier and spread from the mother to her unborn child , but have had no proof - until now .
A month later , the mother developed vaginal bleeding and was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia .
By comparing DNA from the mother 's bone marrow to that of the baby , the researchers were able to determine that the cancer cells of both mother and child shared the same mutated gene , called BCR-ABL1 , but the baby had not inherited the gene .
But in this case , the baby 's tumor cells were missing a vital piece of DNA that plays a key role in immune system function .
But we stress that such mother to offspring transfer of cancer is exceedingly rare and the chances of any pregnant woman with cancer passing it on to her child are remote . "
Records dating back to 1866 include 17 cases where a mother and infant appeared to share the same cancer , usually leukemia or melanoma .
Dr. David Grant , scientific director at Leukaemia Research , which partially funded the study , said " the important message is that leukemia cells can be destroyed by the immune system . "
EVBCorpus
Published : Saturday , 22 August 2009
Take precautions to ward off arthritis , eat foods chock full of omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants like popcorn and keep your lifestyle stress-free .
As an Aquarius , or water bearer , your Achilles tendon is the weakest spot on your body and you should also watch out for the lower half of the leg .
Make sure you stretch well before and after exercise and eat foods high in magnesium and potassium like the exotic fruits ( Acai , papaya , guava , etc . ) that are a supportive food .
Aries-the level-headed Ram uses the brain so much that it throws the head into overload and headaches can come quite easily .
The bull , Taurus , takes over the throat and Taureans are advised to drink lots of water daily to stave off sore throat or dehydration .
Geminis should take a break from technology every once in a while and eat plenty of orange veggies and fruits , as the beta-carotene offers great support for the lungs , which are also taken over by this sign .
Leo , the loud lion controls the heart so regular heart scans and blood pressure tests are in your future .
Eat grapes to keep antioxidants up ... yes , this does include the occasional glass of wine !
Libras are fixers , and back pain is often a problem and can lead to stress for many people .
Take a yoga class and eat lots of fiber but remember you can splurge a little because dark chocolate is your power food .
Olives are your sign 's food , promote good fats and the kinds of antioxidants you should be eating .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Published : Sunday , 6 December 2009
However , new research shows that no danger lurks in the highly popular form of mobile communication .
The full report on the study can be found in the online edition of the Journal of the National Cancer Institute .
For the analysis , the researchers collected and analyzed national registry data on 59,984 people aged 20 to 79 who had been diagnosed with glioma and meningioma between years 1974 and 2003 .
Deltour noted , " The Nordic countries are a good model for studying the association " due to their thorough medical records and the fact that all four of the Scandinavian countries in the study have had a mobile phone network since 1981 .
In regards to the increases that were noted in brain cancer rates , Deltour and colleagues said that findings likely reflect the rise in diagnoses obtained through the use of new imaging technologies such as computed tomography in the 1970s , and magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) in the 1980s .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
By Melanie Haiken , Caring.com
Every six months or so , it seems , a new warning comes out about the dangers of drinking too much soda .
Most of us already know that .
But now scientists are sounding the alarm that soft drinks weaken muscles as well as bones .
Researchers are n't sure yet exactly how soft drinks are causing the potassium deficiency ; they theorize that flooding the kidneys with caffeine and sugar causes them to filter out too much potassium from cells .
So what to do when soda 's out but you 're thirsty and milk just wo n't cut it ?
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Of course there are some health staples you should never be without - bandages or OTC pain relievers come to mind .
Next time you burn your tongue on piping hot pizza or come down with an unshakeable case of hiccups , keep these tips from The Big Doctors Book of Home Remedies in mind :
If your feet smell less than swell , wipe them down with a vodka-soaked washcloth to get rid of the stench .
Use it for : Headaches
Home cure : Yogurt
Home cure : Listerine
Moisten a cotton ball with Listerine and dab it on your blister three times a day until the area dries out and no longer hurts , says Janet Maccaro , Ph.D. , CNC , a holistic nutritionist and certified nutrition consultant in Scottsdale , Ariz .
To cool throbbing feet , roll them over a bottle of frozen water .
The sugar is believed to modify the nerve muscles that would otherwise tell the muscles in the diaphragm to contract spasmodically and contribute to hiccups .
Home cure : Olives or lemons
Motion sickness causes you to produce excess saliva , which can make you nauseated , some doctors say .
Pop a couple at the first hint of nausea ; sucking on a lemon or sipping a small amount of mint tea can also do the trick .
Use it for : Brittle nails
In addition to using hand lotion regularly , try this nighttime treatment from dermatologist Dee Anna Glaser , M.D. Before you go to bed , apply vegetable oil to your hands , then put on vinyl gloves or wrap your hands in plastic wrap to keep the oil off your bedding .
In a NASA-funded study , scientists from Wheeling Jesuit University monitored the responses of 25 college students during simulated driving scenarios .
Buy peppermint or cinnamon aromatherapy diffusers for the car .
In particular , " apples have a gentle malic acid that also helps dissolve stains , " says Jennifer Jabow , DDS , of Park 56 Dental in New York City .
10 tips for better sleep
It could be you are n't getting enough sleep .
Try these suggestions if you have trouble falling asleep or staying asleep :
Sticking to a schedule helps reinforce your body 's sleep-wake cycle and can help you fall asleep more easily at night .
If you 're prone to heartburn , avoid spicy or fatty foods , which can make your heartburn flare and prevent a restful sleep .
These are stimulants that can keep you awake .
And although often believed to be a sedative , alcohol actually disrupts sleep .
5 . Make your bedroom cool , dark , quiet and comfortable .
Use blackout curtains , eye covers , earplugs , blankets , a fan or a humidifier or other devices to create an environment that suits your needs .
If you work nights , keep your window coverings closed so that sunlight , which adjusts the body 's internal clock , does n't interrupt your sleep .
But make sure you have a bed that 's comfortable .
Do the same things each night to tell your body it 's time to wind down .
If you do n't fall asleep within 15 to 20 minutes , get up and do something else .
Do n't agonize over falling asleep .
He or she can make sure the pills wo n't interact with your other medications or with an existing medical condition .
Nearly everyone has occasional sleepless nights .
Pregnancy
Is this topic for you ?
If you 're planning to get pregnant , you might already be thinking about which room to turn into the baby 's room and how to decorate it .
See a doctor or certified nurse-midwife for an exam .
Do not take nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs , such as ibuprofen or aspirin .
See your dentist .
This helps you know the best time to try to get pregnant .
Avoid caffeine , or do n't have more than 1 cup of coffee or tea each day .
A strong body helps you handle the demands of pregnancy , childbirth , and recovery .
Now that you 're pregnant , you may be happy and excited .
But you do n't have to know everything right away .
With all the tests you 'll have , you may worry that something will go wrong .
Everything healthy that you do for your body helps your growing baby .
You 'll need to have regular check ups .
These can harm you and the baby .
And do n't get in a high-temperature hot tub or sauna .
You 'll have a pelvic exam and urine and blood tests .
At each prenatal visit you 'll be weighed , have your belly measured , and have your blood pressure and urine checked .
Although these quick office visits may seem simple and routine , your doctor is watching for signs of possible problems like high blood pressure .
Based on the results of the tests , you may be referred to a geneticist for further discussion .
Late in your second trimester , your blood sugar will be checked for diabetes during pregnancy ( gestational diabetes ) .
Cramping .
Burning or pain when you urinate .
Sudden severe swelling of your feet , ankles , or hands .
Proper health before deciding to become pregnant is almost as important as maintaining a healthy body during pregnancy .
However , many women do not realize they are pregnant until several weeks after conception .
This examination may include any/all of the following :
Morning sickness
For many women , the toughest part of early pregnancy is morning sickness .
Home treatment measures for morning sickness include :
Trying acupressure , which seems to work for some women .
If you have severe , persistent nausea and vomiting , see your doctor or nurse-midwife immediately .
What is morning sickness ?
The first signs of morning sickness usually develop during the month following the first missed menstrual period , when hormone levels increase .
But in some cases , morning sickness can last well into a pregnancy .
If you have severe , persistent nausea and vomiting that is causing dehydration or weight loss , your doctor can prescribe a medicine for you that is not known to cause fetal problems .
Taking ginger or doxylamine is most likely to effectively curb nausea and vomiting .
Vitamin B6 and B12 , taken regularly as your doctor's advise , can reduce nausea and vomiting .
Keep food in your stomach but not too much .
Eat several small meals every day instead of three large meals .
Allow a few minutes for the snack to digest , then get out of bed slowly .
Try a hydration drink , as well as water , broth , or juice .
Citrus juice , milk , coffee , and caffeinated tea commonly make nausea worse .
Stress and fatigue can make morning sickness worse .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The National Sleep Foundation claims that 76% of Americans have sleep difficulties .
They may also shorten your lifespan , as recent studies have shown a 25 % increase in mortality among those taking sleeping pills nightly .
New discoveries in the science of sleep provide alternatives to these drugs .
There is so much light that is now generated from our cities that our planet glows when viewed from space .
He recommends creating a twilight state for at least an hour before sleep .
" In our culture , daylight is dominant , overvalued , and even deified , while darkness is dismissed , devalued , and often demonized , " Naiman says .
The natural sleep pattern is to take 10 to 30 minutes to drift into slumber .
What can you do to help improve your natural ability to sleep ?
Dr. Naiman suggests creating " sleep sanctuary " by ensuring that the bedroom is both dark and quiet .
The use of light boxes during the morning hours can stimulate natural daylight and help reset a person 's melatonin levels .
Grandma 's generation used a type of hydrotherapy to treat sleeplessness .
North Korea 's game delayed amid row over South 's flag
EVBCorpus
The North Koreans left the pitch in protest shortly before the end of their scheduled warmup in Glasgow last night amid scenes of high farce as the South Korean flag was shown on the Hampden Park big screens alongside the North Korean team lineup .
The match eventually kicked off at 8.50pm .
Hundreds of thousands of tickets for the men 's and women 's football tournaments were unsold , with a particular lack of interest in matches in Glasgow .
Clearly that is a mistake .
The national flag difference is a big problem .
Our players cannot be shown especially with other flags , especially the South Korean one .
North Korea have a successful history of playing football on these shores .
The country boycotted the 1988 Games after being snubbed as co-hosts with Seoul , the capital city of their neighbours with whom they have a tense relationship .
It has n't damaged our feeling of the competition or the hosts . "
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Supporters of the practice say it is done for cultural and religious reasons , but opponents say that not only is it potentially threatening - it is also an extreme form of oppression of women .
In total it is estimated that two million a year are subjected to genital mutilation .
The removal of the clitoris and labia and the sewing up of the vagina , leaving only a small opening for urine and menstrual blood - a process known as infibulation .
Girls as young as three undergo this process , but the age at which the operation is performed varies according to country and culture .
Razor blades , scissors , kitchen knives and even pieces of glass are used , often on more than one girl , which increases the risk of infection .
It can also lead to term urinary and reproductive problems .
Due to health campaigns , female circumcision has been falling in some countries in the last decade .
Other countries such as Egypt have banned this operation altogether , but there is significant opposition to change because of the traditional nature of the process and health workers think a less confrontational approach , such as Ntanira Na Mugambo , could be more successful .
Family members also undergo health education sessions and men in the community are taught about the negative effects of female circumcision .
Epidemics predicted to break out in 2010
Epidemics predicted to break out in 2010
Experts stress that hospitals should conduct tests for these diseases even in cases of pneumonia .
Both the A H1N1 and A H5N1 viruses are very likely to mutate , posing greater challenges for the medical sector .
Dr Nga : The ministry has already devised a plan to prevent and combat epidemics in 2010 , which focuses on strengthening State management in controlling the diseases to curb widespread outbreaks and minimize the rates of infection and fatalities due flue A H1N1 .
It is also necessary to increase reserves for Tamiflu and Osetemivir .
Such vaccine is still in the making and in the experimental process .
Committees for Preventing the dengue fever epidemic at provincial , district levels are joining in efforts to combat the epidemic .
Furthermore , the Ministry of Health has already issued regulations on how to use the vaccine , places suitable for vaccinations and how to store the vaccine .
However , the WHO warned that vaccine producers and it would not take legal responsibility for any case of reaction .
Stretch Your Legs , Save Your Life
Published : Wednesday , 3 February 2010
Recent studies have shown that sitting too much can increase your risk for serious health .
Over 17,000 Canadiens participated in the part study done by the Pennington Biomedical Research Center .
Another study - just released recently in the British Journal of Sports Medicin - from the Karolinska Institute and the Swedish School of Sport and Health , supports the Canadiens in their research and went so far as to compare groups of individuals throughout the work day at an office who were able to take breaks and have the chance to get up and walk with a different group who barely moves all day , sit primarily at a desk with the same results : higher chance of daring your body to develop a serious disease from an unhealthy habit , which can even lead to cancer .
With endless possibilities , there is no end to the ways you can motivate yourself to get on your feet .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
However , the consumption of too much salt can lead to high blood pressure and heart disease .
Individuals who choose to avoid high-calorie , low-fiber , and processed foods , such as those found in fast food restaurant meals and on supermarket shelves , can achieve a healthy level of salt intake .
On the average , American men consume 10.4 grams of salt , while American women average a salt intake of 7.3 grams daily .
Findings revealed a benefit for everyone who consumed less salt , however , the greatest benefit was found among people having a high risk for heart problems , including blacks , people suffering from hypertension , and seniors over the age of 65 .
It 's Not Always Women and Children First
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
" What would you do ? " asked study co-author Benno Torgler , a professor of economics and finance at the Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane , Australia .
However , we provide evidence … that this is not always the case .
Manifests indicate that passenger composition was similar on the ships , with 62 percent to 65 percent of the passengers male .
On the Titanic , survival more closely tracked the crew 's directive , which reflected accepted social norms : females 16 to 35 years of age had a much higher probability of surviving the disaster than did men of a similar age .
The researchers concluded that , on the Lusitania , a " survival of the fittest " pattern was in play , whereas prevailing social protocols and captain orders were enforced on the Titanic and respected by crew and passengers alike .
What accounts for the differences in behavior ?
Although 1,512 people died in that disaster - from among 1,300 passengers and 886 crew onboard - the extra coping time afforded the Titanic 's crew and passengers a sort of psychological buffer against selfishness , according to the researchers .
What 's more , the added time also would have allowed for the dissipation of adrenaline , which triggers a fight-or-flight reaction that , by contrast , would have been in play throughout the entire Lusitania sinking .
Other factors , however , might also have influenced behavior on the two ships , the researchers acknowledged .
Differing ship structures and the fact that the Lusitania incident occurred in a wartime context also might have affected passenger thinking .
For his part , Robert J. Gatchel , a professor of clinical health psychology at the University of Texas at Arlington , agreed that timing does affect behavior during a disaster , while noting that other issues of perception are almost certainly also at play .
There was probably a perception that this was n't really a disaster , at least at first .
They knew of the great publicity of the Titanic , and they did n't want to be part of another incident like that .
And I 'm also sure just in terms of the cadence of the voice of the officers the urgency to get off was greater , if for no other reason than because another torpedo could be fired .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Over the weekend , the Environment and Preventative Medicine Department confirmed 2010 's first A_H5N1 patient in Hanoi .
The Environment and Preventative Medicine Department has asked people to strictly observe the measures to prevent another outbreak of the epidemic .
" At least seven antigen groups have appeared in the bird flu virus since it arrived in Vietnam , " she said .
Dr. Nguyen Van Kinh , head of the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases , said that Vietnam 's tropical weather condition has created favourable conditions for the two virus trains , A_H1N1 and A_H5N1 , to mutate into a new strain .
" Therefore , it is essential to increase capacity for medical workers and consider this as an important measure against the epidemic . "
HIV Hides Out in Bone Marrow Cells
The research provides a new target for scientists , but it also presents new challenges because killing off bone marrow cells is a dicey proposition .
This helps explain why HIV is n't curable .
But where does the virus hide when it 's not in the blood ?
The investigators found that the virus can infect certain kinds of bone marrow cells that are the parents ( " progenitors " ) of blood cells , Collins said .
It sounds simple , but killing all of these blood-producing marrow cells would be lethal to humans , Collins said .
Zack , the UCLA researcher , said the study findings are convincing , but " we as yet do not have easy ways to eliminate these dormant sources of virus .
Only by developing strategies to eliminate all the different sources can we purge HIV from the body . "
EVBCorpus
Breast-Feeding Helps Mom Stay Slimmer Later in Life
In fact , the latest study on the subject suggests that women who breast-feed have reduced amounts of abdominal fat , even decades later .
Breast-feeding confers a host of benefits to infants , including a decreased risk of ear infections , asthma , stomach problems , respiratory illnesses , skin allergies , diabetes and sudden infant death syndrome ( SIDS ) , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
Many experts have suspected that it 's not just the extra calorie expenditure of breast-feeding that 's help ful , but that breast-feeding helps women lose abdominal fat faster .
The group included 43 percent blacks and 57 percent whites , and 84 percent of them had a high school education or more .
Waist-to-hip ratio is also used to assess cardiovascular risk : The higher the result , the greater the risk for heart disease .
Premenopausal and early perimenopausal women who had n't breast-fed had 42 percent more belly fat than women who 'd never given birth .
The bottom line from the study , she noted , is that " women who breast-feed are doing something good for their children - and maybe also for themselves . "
Study finds link between music and marijuana
The research was based on surveys with 959 ninth-graders .
Among the study participants , 12 percent identified themselves as current marijuana users , with 32 percent identifying themselves as having previously tried the substance .
Researchers controlled for such demographic variables as age , race , gender , parental education and school grades in analyzing the data .
EVBCorpus
5 Myths about Women 's Bodies
Ovulation can occur soon after , or even during , the bleeding phase of a woman 's menstrual cycle , giving patient sperms the chance to get lucky .
A comprehensive survey of sexual habits in the United States , completed by Edward Laumann and colleagues in 1994 , found that roughly half of women in their fifties have sex several times a month .
" Many physicians even believe this , " Carroll said .
Rifampin does lower pregnancy-protecting hormone levels induced by birth control pills , but whether the effect is large enough to increase pregnancy risk is unclear .
Women and men need equal sleep .
Among men , there was no such relationship .
Even when using 10-fold magnification , doctors can not accurately sort virgins from the sexually-active , several studies have reported .
How to Fight Hair Loss
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Their comprehensive new book , Hair Loss Replacement for Dummies , co-author by four medical experts on hair loss , has just been published by Wiley .
Ninety-nine percent of men who lose their hair lose it from genetic causes .
It comes from both sides of the family , the male and female side , about equally - contrary to the common myth that you inherit it from your mother .
When a woman passes into menopause , for example , the estrogen , which supports hair , is withdrawn .
It starts in their twenties .
It 's mostly post-menopausal .
For a woman , you have to go through a very extensive evaluation , checking out the medicines she is on - birth control pills can induce hair loss .
Dietary causes are amazing causes of hair loss .
It may be more than one thing .
In men , there 's a wreath of hair around the side and back .
Of course , the hair transplant business takes advantage of that .
If you put it on the edge of the nose , it will grow a ponytail .
What 's your opinion about toupees and wigs ?
They are good solutions for some people - women who have had chemotherapy , for example .
So while getting the cosmetic benefits of the weft or attachment , they get the negative side , which is the pulling , and then the exacerbation of hair loss .
Prozac has that as a side effect .
Propecia ( finasteride ) is a DHT blocker .
In very young men , sometimes you can reverse it .
It does work .
Yes , I think so .
Who makes a good candidate for transplant surgery ?
You 'll end up with thinner hair than you would with a full head of hair .
Of every hundred women who come to my office with hair loss , less than twenty will be candidates for a hair transplant .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Breakfast cereals advertise that they 're packed with vitamins and minerals .
And is it possible to get too much of a good thing ?
Although you get vitamins and minerals from the foods you eat every day , some foods have more vitamins and minerals than others .
The fat-soluble vitamins - A , D , E , and K - dissolve in fat and can be stored in your body .
So you need a fresh supply of these vitamins every day .
What do vitamins and minerals do ?
Carrots are full of substances called carotenoids that your body converts into vitamin A , which helps prevent eye problems .
Fuel for growth
Whole or unprocessed foods - like fresh fruits and vegetables , grains , low-fat dairy products , lean meats , fish , and poultry - are the best choices for providing the nutrients your body needs to stay healthy and grow properly .
A glass of soda offers very few vitamins or minerals - if any .
However , you can get zinc and iron in dried beans , seeds , nuts , and leafy green vegetables like kale .
If you 're thinking about becoming a vegetarian , talk to your doctor or a dietitian about how to plan a healthy , balanced diet .
Lots of teens wonder if they should take vitamin or mineral supplements .
But if you 're skipping meals , dieting , or if you 're concerned that you 're not eating enough items from a particular category , such as vegetables or dairy products , then talk to your doctor or to a dietitian .
Some people think that if something is good for you , then the more you take in , the healthier you 'll be .
Beware of unproven claims about the benefits of taking more than recommended amounts of any vitamin or mineral .
EVBCorpus
One in ten new fathers may have the baby blues , US researchers believe - based on their trawl of medical literature
Lack of sleep and new responsibilities , or supporting a wife with post-natal depression can be triggers , they say .
And depression appeared to be shared - men were far more likely to be depressed if their partner also had post-natal depression .
Paternal pressures .
But Ellie Lee , a lecturer in social policy at Kent University , said it was important not to medicalise normal emotions .
What is interesting is that saying men have post-natal depression severs the link with biology .
" It is no longer good enough to just be the bread-winner .
10 Things You Didn't Know About You
Your Stomach Secretes Corrosive Acid
Body Position Affects Your Memory
A scent or sound may evoke a distant episode from one 's childhood .
Bones Break to Balance Minerals
Much of a Meal is Food For Thought
This is a stroke .
Her underdeveloped egg follicles begin to fail to release ova as regularly as before .
Puberty Reshapes Brain Structure , Makes for Missed Curfews
Expect emotional awkwardness , apathy and poor decision-making skills as regions in the frontal cortex mature .
In the nose , cilia help to drain mucus from the nasal cavity down to the throat .
Swollen nasal membranes or condensation can also cause a stuffed schnozzle .
Sometimes useless features stick around in a species simply because they're not doing much harm .
Long ago , they served as a useful third set of molars .
The World Laughs with You
Cues like sneezing , laughing , crying and yawning may be ways of creating strong social bonds within a group .
All skin , without coloring , would appear creamy white .
A yellow pigment also tints the canvas .
These four hues mix in different proportions to create the skin colors of all the peoples of Earth .
Acne - What sufferer should know
For anyone who is suffering with acne daily , knowing where acne comes from and how best to treat your acne is the first step in overcoming this unpleasant and sometimes scarring disease .
It is true that some people are more likely to get it than others possibly because of environmental issues or because of family genes .
The bacteria also like to feed on your dead skin cells .
It is the sebum which keeps skin waterproof and moist .
How do you get rid of acne ?
There are many vitamins and minerals that have been shown to aid in controlling acne .
In any event , the bacterial infection must be killed .
As long as you understand why you are getting acne you can choose the right acne treatment and start seeing results .
Acne Help - 8 Tips to prevent acne
So far , unfortunately , for many it is an ongoing battle , as trying to find acne help that works is more than a process of elimination .
If you are prone to acne outbreaks then you 've most likely noticed by your acne tends to get worse whenever your stress levels are on the rise .
Avoid being with people who stress you , and do some research on stress management .
2 ) Drink lots of water .
Avoid sugary sodas and sports drinks .
Some of the acne cleansers that we apply to skin contain chemicals that actually force the toxins back into the body .
I'm not sure if I can go along with this theory completely , but I accept that when we are deprived of sleep and rest it could make acne problem more severe .
Yes , you do have to cleanse regularly , but don't touch the infected areas with hands , or you'll run the risk of spreading it even further .
6 ) Stop popping zits .
Squeezing also assist spreading and when your acne eventually does clear , you are more likely to be left with acne scars .
It's important to wash the sweat away and not let it rest on infected areas , as salt deposits can irritate .
Make sure you wash your hair before you go to sleep .
Get all the acne helps you need with natural acne solutions to get rid of acne fast and permanently .
Bottle-fed babies may eat more study hints
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Babies who are bottle-fed early on may consume more calories later in infancy than babies who are exclusively breastfed , a study published Monday suggests .
For instance , breast milk contains certain hormones , including leptin and adiponectin , which could help regulate infants ' appetite and metabolism .
Li 's team found that among infants who had been exclusively breastfed during their first six months , 27 percent always or usually finished their cup or bottle .
What 's more , this pattern was seen whether those early bottle-feedings contained formula or pumped breast milk .
But bottle-feeding may be one controllable early-life factor , she said .
Many women who breastfeed use a breast pump at some point , particularly after they return to work .
SOURCE : Pediatrics , June 2010
Are Personal Music Players Causing Hearing Loss ?
Personal music devices such as MP3 players can generate levels of sound at the ear in excess of 120 decibels .
Professor Rabinowitz says it " has grown faster than our ability to assess their potential health consequences . "
The author says that this suggests that the true population effects may be starting to be noticeable only now .
Evidence based guidance is lacking .
He writes in conclusion : " Personal music players provide a reminder that our hunger for new technology should be accompanied by equally vigorous efforts to understand and manage the health consequences of changing lifestyles . "
EVBCorpus
You 've made it through the excitement of labor and delivery , and now you 're ready to head home and begin life with your baby .
Consider recruiting help from friends and family to get through this time .
For home help , you might want to hire a baby nurse or a responsible neighborhood teenager to help you for a short time after the birth .
But if you don't feel up to having guests or you have other concerns , don't feel guilty about restrictions on visitors .
Be careful to support your baby 's head and neck .
Shaking that is vigorous can cause bleeding in the brain and even death .
Remember that your newborn is not ready for rough play , such as being jiggled on the knee or thrown in the air .
For infants , the attachment contributes to their emotional growth , which also affects their development in other areas , such as physical growth .
Both you and your partner can also take the opportunity to be " skin , " holding your newborn against your own skin while feeding or cradling .
Be careful , however - babies are not as strong as adults , so massage your baby gently .
If your little one is being fussy , try singing , reciting poetry and nursery rhymes or reading aloud as you sway or rock your baby gently in a chair .
Keep noise and light levels moderate .
Swaddling works well for some babies during their first few weeks .
Wrap the left corner over the body and tuck it beneath the back of the baby , going under the right arm .
You 'll probably decide before you bring your baby home whether you 'll use cloth or disposable diapers .
a clean diaper
clean washcloth , diaper wipes , or cotton balls
When wiping a girl , wipe her bottom from front to back to avoid a urinary tract infection .
Diaper rash is a common concern .
Change your baby 's diaper frequently , and as soon as possible after bowel movements .
Let the baby go undiapered for part of the day .
If the diaper rash continues for more than 3 days or seems to be getting worse , call your doctor - it may be caused by a fungal infection that requires a prescription .
the circumcision heals ( 2 weeks )
You 'll need the following items before bathing your baby :
towels or blankets
clean clothes
Undress the baby .
Then wet the cloth again and using a little soap , wash his or her face gently and pat it dry .
Tub baths .
When your baby is ready for tub baths , the first baths should be gentle and brief .
Make sure the water in the tub is no more than 2 to 3 inches deep .
Gently massage your baby 's scalp with the pads of your fingers or a soft baby hairbrush , including the area over the fontanelles ( soft spots ) on the top of the head .
After the bath , wrap your baby in a towel immediately , making sure to cover his or her head .
Circumcision and umbilical cord care
Umbilical cord care in newborns is also important .
Until it falls off , the cord stump will change color from yellow to brown or black - this is normal .
Generally , it 's recommended that babies be fed on demand - whenever they seem hungry .
If you 're breastfeeding , give your baby the chance to nurse about 15 minutes at each breast .
If you 're feeding , you can easily monitor if your baby is getting enough , but if you 're breastfeeding , it can be a little trickier .
You can prevent this by burping your baby frequently .
Hold your baby upright with his or her head on your shoulder .
Use the other hand to gently pat your baby 's back .
Always burp your baby when feeding time is over , then keep him or her in an upright position for at least 15 minutes to avoid spitting up .
Don't expect yours to sleep through the night - the digestive system of babies is so small that they need nourishment every few hours and should be awakened if they haven't been fed for 5 hours ( or more frequently ) .
It 's important to place babies on their backs to sleep to reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome .
If you have any questions or concerns , ask your doctor to recommend resources that can help you and your baby grow together .
Shyness Negatively Affects Marital Quality
In one of the studies , researchers Levi Baker and James K. McNulty found that shyness was linked both to more severe marital problems among newlyweds and to overall lower marital quality .
" There is hope even though shyness itself might be resistant to change , " write the authors .
Source : SAGE Publications
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Well , there are several stories regarding the cause of acne ( whether on the back or face ) and some of them may be somewhat truthful .
It is all about the activities of the sebaceous gland .
But it's not necessary to be worried about that ; you can always get rid of your back acne , regardless how resistant to treatment it may seem .
Get rid of your back acne - Check out these methods
Then again , do not over indulge in this act because you can find yourself drying out and irritating your skin .
Try this once every other week .
You will find varieties of exfoliators you can try out such as loofahs and washcloths .
Very carefully examine and follow the instruction on how to apply any of the medications you decide .
You will also be informed of any likely irritation from the use of any of the medications ( usually written on the direction for use ) .
Apple cider vinegar ; this is among the natural remedies that helps in reducing and treating back acne as well as acne on the other parts of the body .
Tea Tree Oil ; this has long been a natural remedy for most skin problems .
However , aloevera will not remove back acne .
EVBCorpus
In order to know how to prevent acne , you should know what the disease is all about .
During the stage of puberty , a whole lot of bacteria get collected in the skin and it results in acne .
There are lots of tips which you can try out together and let 's hope you can recover quickly , if you are afflicted by the problem .
The sweat which occurs on your skin can cause a lot of problems and result in the formation of acne .
When you are using any kind of lotion on your skin , do not use the ones which can block the pores .
The excess amount of oil in the hair products that you use , aggravate acne .
As per How To Prevent Acne Guide you should engage in Acne Prevention by not putting on make up while going to bed in the night .
Anyone will surely look better without acne .
EVBCorpus
But what about Tom the motorcycle shop owner , Joe Knight and Karen Berman ?
But Mr. Knight and Ms. Berman are real people .
The book explains , in simple ways , often-complex methods of keeping financial information .
It tells the story of Tom , a mechanic who must quickly learn how to direct the motorcycle repair shop his father founded .
Franco Arda is the founder and head of SmarterComics .
He started the company almost three years ago with his own money .
Franco Arda says " Financial Intelligence " will help readers quickly understand many of the major areas of accounting .
There will also be versions for iPad and iPhone users .
Later this year , SmarterComics plans to release a comic book by rapper 50Cent .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The research is being carried out by the Robinson Institute 's Pregnancy and Development Group , based at the Lyell McEwin Hospital and led by Associate Professor Vicki Clifton .
" When there is another complication in the pregnancy - either a different stress or the same one again - the female will continue to grow on that same pathway and do okay but the male baby doesn't do so well and is at risk of pre-term delivery , stopping growing or dying in the uterus . "
The female , in response to mum 's stress , will reduce her growth rate a little bit ; not too much so she becomes growth restricted , but just dropping a bit below average .
She said this sex-specific growth pattern was a result of changes in placental function caused by the stress hormone cortisol .
" We are looking at what events during pregnancy cause changes in how the baby grows , what 's behind this and ways in which we can improve the outcomes for pregnant women and their babies " .
Birth control for women over 30
Finding the right contraceptive
Problem is , going without isn't a good choice , even as you get older : Nearly 40% of pregnancies among women in their 40s , are unplanned .
Combo pill : Who can try it ?
Combo pill : Who should avoid it ?
Women who are breast-feeding ( this oral contraceptive will not lower milk supply ) , or those who can't take estrogen-based pills due to cardiovascular disease or blood-clot risks , or because they smoke .
Extended-cycle pill : Who can try it ?
Another brand , Lybrel , stops periods for an year , but you do have to take a pill every day , year-round .
Ditto if you tend to be cautious about new medical trends : Although there's no evidence suggesting that it's dangerous not to have regular periods .
The traditional IUD is a small , T-shaped plastic that 's inserted into the uterus to block egg fertilization .
Intrauterine device ( IUD ) : Who should avoid it ?
Women looking for no-fuss , long-term ( three years ) contraception , or those who aren't a fit for the combo Pill .
Nearly 100 % .
Women 40 and older who aren't monogamous , haven't finished menopause .
If you're younger than 40 , condoms simply aren't the most foolproof pregnancy-protection , unless they 're paired with another contraceptive ( such as the Pill or an IUD ) .
Tubal ligation is a surgical procedure in which the Fallopian tubes are blocked by an incision , clamp , or cauterization .
Ask yourself some hard questions : If you remarried or lost your only child , would you want to have another ?
It's designed as a backup if you forget to take your oral contraception , have a condom malfunction , or fear an unwanted pregnancy for another reason .
Dogs Trained To Effectively Sniff Out Prostate Cancer
Dogs can be trained to correctly identify certain prostate cancer cell-derived volatile organic compounds ( VOCs ) in urine , according to new data from researchers in Paris .
Past studies have focused on breast , lung and bladder cancers .
Using urine samples from 33 patients with biopsy-confirmed prostate cancer , researchers trained dogs ( using the clicker-training method ) to recognize the characteristic olfactory signatures of prostate cancer-derived VOCs .
The negative predictive value was 100 percent .
Source : American Urological Association
Researchers in the US found that reading to dogs helped children improve their fluency by up to 30 percent .
Lead researcher Martin Smith , a veterinary school science educator with UC Davis , told the press that :
Reading speeds also increased by up to 30 words per minute .
" I feel relaxed when I am reading to a dog because I am having fun . "
Smith and colleagues proposed that because the children perceived the dogs as patient and non-judgemental , this changed their attitude to reading .
There is also evidence to suggest that babies who have greater exposure to dirt and allergens , such as when they share a home with a dog or a cat , have a stronger immune system , according to Dr James E. Gern , a pediatrician at the University of Wisconsin-Madison , who co-authored a paper about it in the 2004 issue of the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology .
Stem cell therapy " damage " seen in kidney disease case
A new complication has been seen in a patient with kidney disease who received stem cell therapy , scientists have warned .
Many scientists hope stem cell therapy can be used to treat a wide range of diseases .
And animal studies have indicated that injecting stem cells directly into organs , including the kidney , is safe .
These were found to be clusters of blood vessels and bone marrow cells .
The authors conclude that their findings serve as a warning to clinical investigators that the development of blood vessel and bone marrow masses may be a complication of stem cell therapy .
Writing in this journal , Andras Nagy , of Toronto 's Mount Sinai Hospital , and Susan Quaggin , of the University of Toronto , said caution was needed over stem cell therapies - especially if they were being offered by unregulated private clinics .
Three Reasons You Should Switch to Office 365
Office 2013 will soon be here , along with a new and improved version of the cloud-based Office 365 .
1 . Cost
Office 365 plans start at $ 4 per month .
Breaking those down , it takes more than three years to reach $ 150 based on the $ 4 per month plan , and more than 18 months under the $ 8 per month plan .
An IT department .
Consider that implementing the same capabilities in-house requires servers , and network infrastructure , and IT personnel to install , manage , update , and maintain it all .
When the server crashes , its Microsoft 's problem .
Office 365 lives in the cloud .
So , there 's no reason the data ca n't be accessible regardless of whether you choose Office 2013 or Office 365 .
Your mileage will vary of course .
EVBCorpus
The term " joy ride " does not apply when it 's pouring and the wind is gusting .
- Slow down .
- Always scan ahead to spot potential hazards .
Avoid unnecessary lane changes .
To hone your skills , ask someone with winter driving experience to take you to a vacant parking lot where you can practice driving , turning , and stopping in the snow .
Also try to avoid passing these vehicles .
- warning flares or triangles
- a flashlight and batteries
- nonperishable snack foods
If you get stranded , stay with your vehicle and call for assistance .
Between tires stirring up gravel and engines dripping oil and other fluids , a lot of oily and slick substances build up on roads .
Take your foot off the gas and gradually press the brakes , making sure not to turn the steering wheel .
- easy does it around turns
If a thunderstorm starts while you 're driving and visibility is poor , pull over and wait it out .
Both bright sun and soupy fog can cause limited visibility .
Fog can reduce visibility to less than ¼ mile .
In fact , high beams reduce visibility in fog .
EVBCorpus
dieticians are now increasingly recommending brown rice as an excellent source of all-round nutrition .
Relieve Constipation : The fibers present in brown rice , increase bowl movement , thus helping in reducing constipation .
Most people who eat brown rice expect to derive the health benefits that are attributed to this type of rice .
The health benefits of high fiber content foods are numerous , it reduces the possibility of heart diseases , helps avoid abrupt spikes in sugar levels , helps digestion and reduces constipation .
Brown rice is essentially the same as white rice , in the fact that it comes from the same plant .
When only the outermost hull is removed , we end up with brown rice .
Brown rice is packed full of fiber .
It is also beneficial for stomach and intestinal ulcers , and for curing the dreaded case of diarrhea .
EVBCorpus
In Canada , the USA and several other industrialized nations , blood donations from men who have sex with men ( MSM ) have been banned since 1983 .
Dr. Norbert Gilmore is a professor at the McGill Faculty of Medicine and the McGill Centre for Medicine , Ethics and Law , and is a clinician at the McGill University Health Centre ( MUHC )
Wainberg and Gilmore state that gay men in stable , long-term , monogamous relationships should be allowed to donate blood , while those with multiple sex partners should not .
Today 's technology makes it almost impossible for HIV , and the total ban puts a huge burden on blood agencies and the blood supply .
When a discriminatory policy isn't justified by the science , it leads to controversy .
Mark A Wainberg , Talia Shuldiner , Karine Dahl , and Norbert Gilmore
Copyright : Medical News Today
How to avoid car sickness
If you get car sick , you probably anticipate every extended road trip with dread .
Here are some ways to enjoy the ride , sickness-free .
All motion sickness results from your body sensing a discrepancy between what you see ( in this case , the inside of a car , which tells your brain that you 're sitting still ) and what you feel ( your body 's vestibular system , which senses balance from your inner ear , tells your brain that you 're moving ) .
Focus on a non-moving object in the distance , such as the horizon .
Consider driving ( if possible ) .
If driving is not possible or desirable , visualize driving or pretend you are driving .
If your eyes are closed , you don't see anything , and that removes the cause_of sickness .
In addition , sleeping can take your mind off of your car sickness .
There should be leaks of air .
If neither is possible , spray a soothing smell like lavender or mint to cover up the other smells .
This is especially important during journeys that involve a long distance of curvy roads .
Not only do these tend to make car sickness better , but it is also good for the driver to take a break .
Keep in mind , however , that many medications which are normally effective against nausea might not work against nausea caused by motion sickness .
Peppermint tea is another good alternative .
- Fresh mint can also cure or alleviate nausea .
- Keep a peppermint candy ( or just about any long lasting hard candy ) in your mouth .
- Rubbing alcohol wipes are useful as well for nausea .
Tear open a wipe and sniff gently as you pass it past your nose .
- Practice acup ressure .
You can purchase accu-pressure bands at a local pharmacy .
Some popular brands are Dramamine and Bonine_Antivert .
- There are many " folk remedies " which seem to work for some people , but can't be explained and haven't been proven .
If you don't always have a newspaper handy , many art supply stores sell pads of newsprint ( which smells the same ) that you may put in the car .
You can also purchase motion sickness wrist bands at the pharmacy .
Tips
- Don't talk about motion sickness , or even look at someone else who 's experiencing it .
- A heavy fog will severely limit your view range and can hasten the sick feeling .
If that 's the case , close your eyes and try to sleep .
- Always carry bicarbonate of soda in the car .
Check with your doctor first .
Eating White Rice Increases Risk of Diabetes
Researchers from the Harvard School of Public Health in Massachusetts have released a report about rice .
Type two diabetes results when the body cannot effectively use the sugar it produces .
The study found that the people who ate five or more servings of white rice per week had a seventeen percent increased risk of developing type two diabetes .
This involves removing the outer cover , including the husk , bran and germ .
He says the outer parts of brown rice slow down the work of the body 's digestive enzymes into starch .
A diet of foods that quickly release sugar into the bloodstream has been linked with a greater risk of type two diabetes .
Doctor Sun says less refined grains have more nutritional value than refined grains .
He says people should replace white rice and other refined carbohydrates with whole grains whenever possible .
T-shirts developed that could charge mobile phones
T-shirts developed that could charge mobile phones
Experts predict that new technologies including roll-up smartphones and laptops will be on the market soon .
Xiaodong Li , a professor of mechanical engineering at the university teamed up with post-doctorate researcher Lihong Bao to find a solution .
The fibres in the fabric converted from cellulose to activated carbon during the process , but the material remained flexible .
This created a stable , high-performing supercapacitor , " said Prof Li .
One day our cotton T-shirts could have more functions ; for example , a flexible energy storage device that could charge your cell phone or your iPad . "
Hope For Simple Urine Test For Autism
Children with autism have a different chemical fingerprint in their urine than non-autistic children , according to new research published in the print edition of the Journal of Proteome Research .
People with autism are also known to suffer from gastrointestinal disorders and they have a different makeup of bacteria in their guts from non-autistic people .
This would enable autistic children to receive assistance , such as advanced behavioural therapy , earlier in their development than is currently possible .
Professor Jeremy Nicholson , the corresponding author of the study , who is the Head of the Department of Surgery and Cancer at Imperial College London , said : " Autism is a condition that affects a person 's social skills , so at first it might seem strange that there 's a relationship between autism and what 's happening in someone 's gut .
We know that giving therapy to children with autism when they are very young can make a huge difference to their progress .
They found that each of the three groups had a distinct chemical fingerprint .
Source : Imperial College London
EVBCorpus
There are also many different ways to prepare it .
I prefer long grain .
Use the ratio of 1.5 cups of water to 1 cup of rice .
2 . Set the heat to maximum , and bring the rice water to a boil uncovered .
3 . Turn off the heat , and let the rice sit in the covered pot for another 10 minutes .
Be careful when you remove the lid , since a lot of steam may escape when you do .
Sometimes I 'll eat it with steamed veggies and tempeh , both of which can be prepared while the rice is cooking .
1 . In a small pot , add 1 teaspoon of oil , and heat it for about 1 minute on medium heat .
My favorites are onions , green onions , and bell peppers ( any color ) .
4 . Reduce the heat slightly to medium - low , and cook the rice veggies for 3-4 minutes until the rice is hot , stirring about once every minute .
Mix in 1-2 tablespoons sesame seeds .
I find it a great food for endurance activities .
Brown rice - white rice
So what 's the difference ?
Nice and simple .
Plain white rice has far less Vitamin E , Thiamin , Riboflavin , Niacin , Vitamin B6 , Folacin , Potassium , Magnesium , Iron and over dozen other nutrients .
So , brown rice certainly appears to be more healthy , but where does the environmental benefit come from ?
It 's somewhat of an acquired taste for many people .
When you buy rice , because it keeps so well , try and buy in quantity to save on packaging .
Added notes : A couple of readers have pointed out ( thanks by the way ! ) that uncooked brown rice does n't keep for as long as white rice .
This is where you use less water and cover the pot , leaving very little excess water left by the time the rice has cooked - the steam generated using this method also helps speed up the cooking process .
Lower IQ Linked To Higher Attempted Suicide Risk , Large Swedish Study
A large scale study of over 1.1 million men living in Sweden that spanned nearly a quarter of a century found a link between lower IQ measured in early adulthood and higher risk of attempted suicide later in life .
Described as the largest study of its kind , they examined the medical records of nearly 1,109,500 men aged between 16 and 57 years living in Sweden .
The authors wrote that while adjustment for " childhood and adult socioeconomic status and , to a greater extent , education led to a reduction in magnitude " , the links remained strong .
They also mentioned that unhealthy lifestyle ( eg binge drinking ) has also been linked with lower IQ , and this could also affect frequency of suicidal thinking , plus other studies have also linked lower IQ with lower problem solving skills , and this could affect resilience to stress .
BMJ 2010 ; 340:c2506
Written by : Catharine Paddock , PhD
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
US Fed minutes released on Wednesday from its June meeting suggested it was not planning any imminent additional moves to boost the US economy .
The value of the euro has also been hit by worries over growth prospects for the eurozone and whether it can tackle the current debt crisis .
" Every single central bank except for the Fed is easing , and until that happens we expect the dollar to stay supported " .
Website Helps Dieters Keep Kilos Off
Website Helps Dieters Keep Kilos Off
People in the study had already lost an average of nine kilos .
Another group was asked to try a weight management website .
But study author Kristine Funk , a dietitian and researcher at the Kaiser Permanente Center for Health Research says those averages mask significant differences within the group of website users .
Users visiting the website created for this study were asked to enter their weight , the food they 'd eaten , and their physical activity .
Funk says it 's not the same as one-on-one counseling , but she points out that the personal approach may not always be possible or convenient .
Cambodians Get Lessons in Skateboarding , Life
A nongovernmental organization called Skateistan Cambodia organizes weekly programs at the park .
The country 's first skateboard park is located on the grounds of a local charity group at the edge of Phnom Penh , the capital .
Chea says skating has already become his favorite sport .
Rory Burke works with the group which expanded to Cambodia last year .
We want to use skateboarding as something saying , 'Hey this is new , this is something different . " And that kind of itself becomes a little bit of hook .
There are almost one hundred twenty participants .
Seventeen-year-old Sang Rotha is a student at PSE.
So that 's why I skateboard , to improve my bad feelings . "
Rory Burke says learning to deal with the difficulties is part of the lesson for these young skateboarders .
It kind of teaches them , " Hey , you 're going to fall down a bunch , but you 've got to get back up . "
WHO Says Mothers Milk Is Best for Babies
WHO Says Mothers Milk Is Best for Babies
The Week , which runs from August 1 to 7 , is celebrated in more than 170 countries .
In the World Health Organization and UNICEF we estimate that if children were exclusively breast fed for six months and continued to breast feed for up to two years , with appropriate additional food for six months onwards , we could save 1.5 million children under five years of age out of the 8.8 million that we estimate to die currently every year , " said Daelmans .
Dr. Daelmans says more than two-thirds of these deaths occur during the first months of life and are often associated with inappropriate feeding practices such as bottle-feeding .
For instance , she says it can protect children against illnesses such as asthma and diabetes .
Adults who have been breast-fed have lower cholesterol levels .
The World Health Organization and United Nations Children 's Fund have developed ten steps for health facilities to take towards ensuring successful breast-feeding .
Nosebleeds
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
You have a nosebleed , and if you 're like most teens , you may be embarrassed .
Stopping the gush
- Sit or stand so your head is above your heart .
Applying pressure with a cotton pad inside the upper lip may also help .
This common practice will cause blood to run into your throat .
Also , keep your head elevated above your heart as much as possible .
Different kinds of nosebleeds
Another kind of nosebleed is a posterior nosebleed , which comes from the deepest part of the nose .
The most common cause of anterior nosebleeds is dry air .
When you combine a cold with dry winter air , you have the perfect formula for nosebleeds .
If you ever have a facial injury , use the tips outlined above to stop the nosebleed .
Most cases of frequent nosebleeds are easily treated .
If your doctor rules out a sinus infection , allergies , or irritated blood vessels , he or she may order other tests to see why you 're getting frequent nosebleeds .
Preventing nosebleeds
Do n't blow forcefully or pick your nose .
Apply a pea-sized dab to a cotton swab and gently rub it up inside each nostril , especially on the middle part of the nose ( called the nasal septum ) .
EVBCorpus
In making the announcement WHO Director-General Dr. Margaret Chan said the new H1N1 virus largely run its course and the world is now moving into the post-pandemic period
She says the hard work against the virus will continue but she feels both tired and happy to have arrived at the end game
Post-pandemic
Experience with past pandemics she says , show the H1N1 virus is likely to take on the behavior of a seasonal influenza virus and continue to circulate for some years to come
Groups identified during the pandemic as at higher risk of severe or fatal illness will probably remain at heightened risk though hopefully the number of such cases will diminish
It notes H1N1 transmission is still going on in places such as New-Zealand and India
She says it also is fortunate widespread resistance to the vaccine did not develop but proved to be safe and effective
The World Health Organization reports the current number of laboratory confirmed deaths from H1N1 stands at about 18,500 since the pandemic outbreak began in 2009
EVBCorpus
The results of the CRASH-2 study , a large , randomised trial involving over 20,000 adult patients in 274 hospitals in 40 countries , are published in the 14 June online issue of The Lancet , along with other information and an editorial commentary .
The trial was the first to test TXA in injured patients , although previous , smaller studies have shown that the drug also reduces bleeding in patients undergoing major surgery .
" Injuries may be accidental , for example traffic crashes , or intentional , such as shootings , stabbings or land mine injuries and the majority of deaths occur soon after injury , " explained Roberts , adding that :
For the study , Roberts and colleagues only enrolled patients who had significant bleeding , or were at risk of significant bleeding and the injury had happened within the last few hours .
They followed up the patients in both groups for 4 weeks after injury , counting all deaths .
The analysis showed that compared to placebo , TXA reduced the chance of death due to massive blood loss by around one sixth .
" We believe that doctors across the world should now consider using it ( TXA ) to improve accident victims ' chances of survival and that it should be considered for inclusion in the WHO List of Essential Medicines . "
Copyright : Medical News Today
Cancer is World 's Costliest Killer
The report by the American Cancer Society and the U.S.-based Livestrong foundation says , in 2008 , the disease 's economic toll was nearly $ 900 billion - equivalent to about 1.5 percent of the world 's gross domestic product .
In addition to being the costliest killer , the World Health Organization predicts cancer will overtake heart disease this year as the world 's leading cause of death .
An estimated 7.6 million people died of cancer in 2008 , and more than 12 million new cases are diagnosed each year .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
MU was previously planning a $ 1bn ( £635 m ) share sale at the Singapore Stock Exchange .
However , some analysts said the reason could be an attempt for Malcolm Glazer , the American owner of the club , to retain control by using a dual-class share structure .
Investor appetite has been dampened by concerns over the European fiscal crisis .
Untrustworthy guy ? It 's in his face
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
By Robin Nixon
In a computerized game , broad-faced men were more likely to exploit others for personal monetary gain , explained lead researcher Michael Stirrat of the University of St. Andrews in Scotland .
The study did not address female trustworthiness .
During the study , a participant was shown an expressionless photo of a fellow player 's face at the start of each game .
In another experiment using digitally manipulated photographs , people chose between wide and narrow versions of the same face .
" And we are biased in the right direction . "
While wide-faced men were more exploitive in this study 's context , "
They are also more likely to use aggression for altruistic means by , say , attempting to punish people who steal or break other social rules .
Therefore , a wide face may be a sign of an overall bigger man , one who can get away with being more aggressive and less cooperative .
We are also more likely to judge someone as trustworthy - rightly or wrongly - if they have faces that are attractive , babyish , similar in appearance to our own kin , or exhibit good health .
EVBCorpus
A few small trials also suggest a wider role for music in recovery from brain injury .
One common technique is rhythmic auditory stimulation ( RAS ) , which relies on the connections between rhythm and movement .
Seven small studies , which together involved 184 people , were included in the review .
In one trial , RAS also improved arm movements , as measured by elbow extension angle .
Other music therapy techniques , including listening to live and recorded music , were employed to try to improve speech , behaviour and pain in patients with brain injuries , and although outcomes in some cases were positive , evidence was limited .
Copyright : Medical News Today
Amazon is planning to sell its own smartphone
The company reportedly is working with Foxconn to develop the hardware , which will likely run Amazon 's version of the Android operating system .
Amazon already has many of the building blocks it would need to make money off a smartphone , including its own version of the Android operating system , an established app store and well-stocked content marketplaces that could make up a good chunk of revenue for the phone .
It also has a pool of loyal customers who trust the brand .
Amazon has had more success than many other companies in the tablet market thanks to getting in early and a low price made possible by revenue from books , movies and music .
Current market leader Samsung shipped 42.2 million smartphones worldwide in the first quarter of 2012 , according to research firm IDC .
The rumor that Amazon would unveil a smartphone late this year surfaced in November 2011 , when Citigroup 's research department predicted the device based on its supply chain checks in Asia .
EVBCorpus
Two UA studies have found that hoarding friends does n't necessarily diminish forlorn feelings and that loneliness is a matter of perception .
Passalacqua and Chris Segrin , the UA communication department head and lead author on the papers , decided to study individual perceptions of stress and social support to understand ways loneliness may be linked to health .
Segrin noted that age did not predict whether a person would be lonely and living away from close friends and family did not have a negative effect .
Another curious conclusion : The team found that , above all , loneliness is a matter of perception .
It is no wonder , then , that certain people with large social networks also express feelings of loneliness .
Sometimes we do n't realize how important these close relationships are to our health .
The co-authored article , " Social Support , Loneliness , Recuperative Processes and their Direct and Indirect Effects on Health , " has been accepted for publication also in Health Communication .
So when it came to taking a vacation , getting a good night 's sleep , or going for a swim , lonely people did not get as much of a recharge .
" We know that chronic stressors are very damaging to the human system , " Passalacqua said .
" The mind has such a powerful effect on the body and , really , our perceptions are going to shape our world . "
Millions Likely Suffering From Computer Vision Syndrome ( CVS )
Computer Vision Syndrome is a medical condition associated with our addiction to digital devices - from computers to smart phones , hand-held video games and e-books .
Dr. Michael Duenas is with the American Optometric Association .
This is n't damaging the eyes , is not producing a disease like we would talk about glaucoma or diabetic retinopathy , it 's not a disease like that .
The computer terminal is typically further away from a book , and if your focus continues for hours , that muscle tires " .
Printed material has greater contrast while electronic screens are more difficult to bring into focus and require more effort .
Doctors say some easy steps can deal with many of the problems .
And one more thing .
Although the solutions seem simple , doctors expect Computer Vision Syndrome will get worse as more movies and television programs become available on computer and with the growing number of small electronic devices .
Second Hand Smoke More Harmful Than People Think
The same applies to casual ( occasional ) smoking .
The genes which are usually activated in the cells of regular heavy smokers may also be turned on/off in individuals with very low-level exposure , Dr. Crystal explained .
Certain genes within the cells lining the airways are very sensitive to tobacco smoke , and changes in the function of these genes are the first evidence of " biological disease " in the lungs or individuals .
Non-smokers
Each participant 's entire genome was scanned to find out which genes were either activated or deactivated in the cell linings of the airways .
Dr. Crystal added that the genetic changes act like a canary in a coal mine warning of latent life-threatening conditions and diseases .
" Threshold of Biologic Responses of the Small Airway Epithelium to Low Levels of Tobacco Smoke "
Am. J. Respir .
Written by Christian Nordqvist
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The combination of depression and coronary heart disease in a patient could be much more deadly than either condition alone , researchers say .
Experts said doctors must pay more to depression in heart patients .
The volunteers were taking part in the British Whitehall Study II , which is looking at social and economic factors in long-term health .
Amy Thompson , a senior cardiac nurse at the British Heart Foundation , which partly funded the study , said : " This study builds on previous research which suggests that depression is linked to coronary heart disease " .
EVBCorpus
This is indicated by a new investigation lead by scientists from the University of Valencia ( UV ) that analyses the changes in the brain 's cardiovascular , hormonal and asymmetric activation response when we get angry .
The researchers induced anger in 30 men using the version that has been adapted to Spanish " Anger Induction " ( AI ) , consisting of 50 phrases in first person that reflect daily situations that provoke anger .
Asymmetries of brain activity
The second model , ' of motivational direction ' , shows that the left frontal region is involved in experiencing emotions related to closeness , whilst the right is associated with the emotions that provoke withdrawal .
" The case of anger is unique because it is experienced as negative but , often , it evokes a motivation of closeness " , this expert explains .
This is the first general study on emotions , more specifically on anger that examines all these different psychobiological parameters ( cardiovascular , hormonal response and asymmetric activation of the brain ) in a single investigation to study the changes caused by the inducement of anger .
Hormonal , cardiovascular and asymmetrical brain responses " .
EVBCorpus
Ex-Nokia Executives to Revive MeeGo with New Smartphone
The former Nokia employees and other MeeGo supports have been working behind the scenes for the past year to create Jolla .
However , early last year , Nokia CEO Stephen Elop announced that the company was abandoning MeeGo - apparently unhappy with the relatively slow development of the OS - in favor of Windows Phone .
" Nokia created something wonderful - the world 's best smartphone product , " Jolla officials said in a statement .
Jolla CEO Jussi Hurmola , who spent 12 years with Nokia , told the Wall Street Journal July 9 that despite the strong market position of Apple 's and Google 's operating systems , there is room for other platforms .
If we manage to hit the right notes , I 'm sure market will change with us .
He said the company , based in Finland , will need to raise about $ 12 million and to sell 50,000 to 100,000 of the new smartphones to break even .
The company , which lost $ 2 billion in the first quarter , in June announced it was cutting 10,000 jobs - about 19 percent of its workforce - by the end of 2013 as it looks to better compete with Apple and Google 's phone partners .
Doctors ' Religious Faith Influences End Of Life Care
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Agnostic and atheist doctors nearly twice as willing to take decisions that speed up end of life for very sick patients compared to their deeply religious peers .
The survey asked participants questions about their own faith and religious beliefs , ethnicity , and views on assisted dying and euthanasia .
3,733 doctors responded to the survey ( 42 percent of the total invited ) .
In contrast , specialists in palliative care were more likely to be Christian or white and to agree to the question asking them if they were " religious " .
There was a strong link between specialty and reporting decisions that were expected or partly intended to hasten the end of a sick patient 's life .
However , doctors who said they were " extremely " or " very " non-religious were nearly twice as likely to report having made these kinds of decisions than peers who described themselves as having religious beliefs , and this was regardless of specialism .
There was a similar pattern regarding support for assisted dying and euthanasia legislation .
Seal concluded that there is a need to acknowledge more strongly the links between doctors ' religious beliefs and values and the clinical decisions they make .
She said this research shows there is still some way to go before we reach the standard set by the recent end-of-life decision making guidelines from the General Medical Council ( GMC ) , and " the fact that some doctors are not discussing possible options at the end of life with their patients on account of their religious beliefs is deeply troubling " .
" The role of doctors ' religious faith and ethnicity in taking ethically controversial decisions during end-of-life care . "
Copyright : Medical News Today
Is Bottled Tea Another Junk Drink ?
Shiming Li , Ph.D. who reported on research carried out by Professor Chi-Tang Ho , explained :
Consumers understand very well the concept of the health benefits from drinking tea or consuming other tea products .
Our analysis of tea beverages found that the polyphenol content is extremely low .
Half of them contained " virtually no antioxidants " while the rest had small quantities of polyphenols which would most likely carry little health benefit , especially when the high sugar content was taken into consideration .
Polyphenols can block the actions of some enzymes that help cancer growth .
Someone would have to drink bottle after bottle of these teas in some cases to receive health benefits .
81 , 43 , 40 , 4 and 3 milligrams of polyphenols per 16-ounce bottle
Since 1990 tea sales in the USA have increased fourfold to approximately $ 7 billion per year , mainly as a result of published scientific studies which have revealed the polyphenol_antioxidant content of tea - and their ability to reduce cancer , heart disease and other illness risks .
As manufacturers of bottled-tea change their processes , polyphenol levels may also vary .
Li used high-performance liquid chromatography ( HPLC ) to make the first measurements of polyphenols in bottled tea beverages .
Written by Christian Nordqvist
What $ 1 buys around the world ?
At Lonely Planet , we 're big fans of the travel bargain .
The answer ?
Here 's just a taste of the possibilities :
However , with the change from that Kornspitz , you can visit the museum of applied art ( MAK ) on a Saturday since it 's free of charge .
South India : it will give a unlimited servings of rice with rasam , sambhar , curd , papad , 1 piece sweet on a banana leaf .
The UK : 60 pence buys you about 3/4 litre of milk , half a litre of petrol/diesel for your car , 2 cigarettes ( that 's two single ones , not a packet ) , 3 apples , 2 days supply of the Sun tabloid newspaper , a small portion of fries from McDonald 's or a can of coke from my office vending machine .
Canada : Nothing !
Vietnam : you can buy either 1 hat , 1 or 2 magazine( s ) , 1 DVD , 3 pairs of flip sandals , 5 instant noodle packages or snacks , 1 meal in some cheap food courts .
In middle Italy : a litre of cheap wine or 1kg Spaghetti or 6 bottles of mineral water and just about one tablet of Ibruprofen which you might need if you drank the cheap vino !!
Bogotá , Colombi a : A cup of coffee and 2 fresh baked cookies .
Seou l : one subway or bus ticket and a mask pack for your skin .
India : 1USD = around 50 Indian Rupees which can get you a hearty meal of boiled rice , dal , vegetables , pickles , chutney and papads in a Kolkata 'basa " ... and it 's usually eat as much as you want !
Dubai : a dollar will get you a 'Jabal Al Noor " shawarma .
So if you 're looking to make one dollar go further , as William says on our Facebook page , 'Indonesia , Thailand , and India are the winners " !
Too much TV psychologically harms children : study
And contrary to what earlier studies have indicated , the negative impact of screen time was not remedied by increasing a child 's physical activity levels , says the study , published in the US journal Pediatrics .
The researchers found that children who spent two hours or more a day watching television or playing on a computer were more likely to get high scores on the questionnaire , indicating they had more psychological difficulties than kids who did not spend a lot of time in front of a screen .
And many parents and children think that spending a lot of time on the computer or in front of the television is OK if it 's part of a " balanced lifestyle " , the study in Pediatrics says .
EVBCorpus
After cutting the umbilical cord , staff at Worcestershire Royal Hospital in the UK put the baby girl in a small plastic bag enclosed in bubble wrap and warned her parents that her chances of survival were not good .
Rowberry said she was staying at her brother 's when she started feeling contractions , late one Sunday in June .
When she got to the hospital they told her she was 3 cm dilated and she gave birth to Lexi .
Soon afterwards , the hospital staff put Lexi in the bubble wrap plastic bag .
This stops water evaporating easily off their bodies , which would cause them to lose heat quickly in those vital first minutes of life before they get to the incubator .
He said the bags are about the same size as a sandwich bag , and they " come from NHS supplies and are on a roll " .
She eventually returned to Worcestershire Royal .
Rowberry said they would get calls from the hospital like Lexi " needed a blood transfusion and she probably wouldn't make it through the night " .
A baby born between 35 and 37 weeks is described as moderately pre-term , between 29 and 34 weeks as very pre-term , and between 24 and 28 weeks , as extremely pre-term .
Lexi weighed less than half of this when she was born .
In England and Wales nearly 8 percents , that is 1 in 13 live births are pre-term , with 93 percent of them occuring after 28 weeks of pregnancy , 6 percent between 22 and 27 weeks and just under 1 percent before 22 weeks .
Sources : Daily Mail , Tommy 's , Medline Plus .
EVBCorpus
The Food and Drug Administration has given a license to Geron to use these controversial cells to treat people with spinal injuries .
Geron , a biotech company based in " silicon valley " south of San Francisco , has spent $ 170m on developing a stem cell treatment for spinal cord injury .
But it is not yet known if it will offer any benefit to people with spinal cord injuries .
In this trial , patients who have sustained such an injury within the last 14 days will be given the experimental stem cell treatment .
But it will take some time to get this results .
Ben Sykes , executive director of the UK National Stem Cell Network , said : " This is indeed a significant milestone in our journey towards the promise of stem cell-based medicines " .
EVBCorpus
In documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission , the Premier League giant said it was listing on the New York Stock Exchange .
The Glazers borrowed large sums of money to buy the club and the interest payments on this debt are onerous .
The club will issue two categories of share to ensure that the Glazer family remains in control .
EVBCorpus
After basketball practice , Ella looks forward to hanging out with her teammates and sharing a large pizza with extra cheese and a pitcher of soda - a well-deserved reward after hours of shooting free throws and running laps .
Frequent , strong heartburn is one of the signs of gastroesophageal reflux disease , more commonly known as GERD or acid reflux .
Gastroesophageal reflux disease is a disorder that results from stomach acid moving backward from the stomach into the esophagus .
( Because the stomach makes acid to help a person digest food , gastroesophageal reflux is also known as acid reflux . )
Often a person is n't even aware that it is happening .
GERD can be a problem if it 's not treated because , over time , the reflux of stomach acid damages the tissue lining the esophagus , causing inflammation and pain .
No one knows for sure why people get GERD.
As a person swallows , muscles in the esophagus move the food down into the stomach .
Sometimes , though , the LES might not be able to do its job for various reasons .
If a person has eaten too much , the stomach may be so stretched full that the LES ca n't do its job properly .
The hernia can allow the uppermost part of the stomach to bulge through the diaphragm into the chest area , interfering with how the LES works .
Certain foods and medications can also worsen GERD symptoms ; for example , these foods affect some people with GERD :
* chocolate
* mint flavorings
How do people know they have GERD ?
( Regurgitation is when food and liquid containing stomach acid comes back up into the throat or mouth . )
* a feeling of burping acid into the mouth
* a dry cough
If a doctor thinks you might have GERD , he will do a physical examination .
This is called the medical history .
* A special X-ray called a barium swallow radiograph can help doctors see whether liquid is refluxing into the esophagus .
It can also show whether the esophagus is irritated or whether there are other abnormalities in the esophagus .
For this test , the doctor may give the patient a medicine to help him or her relax , and may spray the throat to numb it .
The doctor then slides a thin , flexible plastic tube called an endoscope down the throat and into the esophagus and the stomach .
* In another kind of test , called a 24-hour pH-probe study , the doctor puts a tiny tube into the esophagus that will stay there for 24 hours .
How can GERD be treated ?
For some people , treatment may just include lifestyle changes , such as changing what they eat or drink .
* quitting smoking
* wearing loose-fitting clothes
Doctors sometimes also recommend raising the head of the bed about 6 to 8 inches .
A doctor may also recommend different medications to relieve symptoms .
More powerful prescription drugs called proton pump inhibitors also reduce the amount of acid the stomach produces .
For example , people who get heartburn after eating can try taking both antacids and H2 blockers .
The typical surgical treatment for GERD is called fundoplication .
The key to living with GERD is to not ignore it .
In this condition , the cells in the esophagus change and become precancerous because they have been irritated by stomach acid for so long .
You 'll probably find that one of the simplest ways to make living with GERD easier is to avoid the things that trigger your symptoms .
It can be hard to give up sodas or favorite foods at first .
Laptops can give thighs a nasty rash , called erythema ab igne or toasted skin syndrome
They are called laptop computers , so you are supposed to place them on your lap , but sometimes at a price .
Andreas W. Arnold , MD , and Peter H. Itin , MD , from the Department of Dermatology , University Hospital Basel , Basel , Switzerland wrote about a 12-year-old boy who developed erythema ab igne on his left thigh - they say it was caused by using his laptop computer .
The skin develops a reticular , pigmented , and sometimes telangiectatic dermatosis - there is a mild red rash , often described as blotchy , sometimes there is a general redness of the skin in the affected area .
It used to be more common among the elderly , before central heating , when people would sit very close to fires or electric heaters .
They believe the heat source is the optical drive , the battery , or the computer 's ventilation fan .
Published online October 4 , 2010
Android 4.1 Irony : Third-Party Browsers Also Lose Flash Support
Third-party Android browsers like Opera Mobile , Dolphin HD , and Firefox will no longer support Flash in Android 4.1 , aka Jelly Bean , as foreshadowed by Adobe 's announcement last week that it will drop Flash Player support in Jelly Bean .
Nowadays most applications are based on Web standards like HTML5 , but Flash technology is still found in rich media like videos , games , and online publications ( i.e . the 60 Minuteswebsite ) , and 98 percent of Web-browsing desktops still support Flash plug-ins .
However in mobile browsers , Flash support is increasingly rare as companies push for HTML5 as the mobile Web browsing standard .
Google even supported it at one point .
Meanwhile the Metro UI browser in Microsoft 's upcoming Windows RT will support Flash , Microsoft recently confirmed .
Which browser actually renders HTML5 content the fastest , or most completely ?
- Firefox 14 : 311
Meanwhile , on Monday , Mozilla announced release dates for its standalone , HTML5-based mobile operating system , now called Firefox OS .
Child Mortality Closely Linked To Women 's Education Levels
Over half of the reduction in the global mortality of children under 5 years of age is linked to increased education among females of reproductive age , says a reports from the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation , University of Washington , published in the medical journal The Lancet .
Average years of schooling for women of reproductive age ( ages 15 to 44 ) in developing countries have grown from 2.2 years to 7.2 years .
We know that direct health interventions , such as immunizations , preventive care , and hygiene classes , are crucial to improving health worldwide .
Dr. Emmanuela Gakidou and team collected data from 915 censuses and national surveys globally to create a time series of education levels for 175 nations .
Out of the ten countries with the highest populations in the world , women of reproductive age had complete at least primary school in seven of them .
More education helps mothers make better choices in a range of areas - personal hygiene , nutrition , parenting approaches .
The next phase could include building new secondary schools and hiring teachers .
Dr Emmanuela Gakidou PhD , Krycia Cowling BS , Prof Rafael Lozano MD , Prof Christopher JL Murray MD
Written by Christian Nordqvist
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Hundreds gathered near the plant in the town of Ohi to protest against the move , which has divided public opinion .
Road blocked
The restart of the reactor follows an order by Mr Noda last month authorising the reactivation of both it and another reactor at Ohi - No 4 - following stress tests .
They had voiced concern over the lack of power for industry .
The BBC 's Mariko Oi , in Tokyo , says it was one of the largest demonstrations seen since the reactors at Fukushima were damaged in March 2011 .
But demonstrators say they are not convinced by assurances over safety .
So if we have some problems to keep the planet clean and beautiful , then we have to change the industrial structure " to foster alternative energy sources , he said .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
How was this correlation discovered ?
A total of 33 sets of individual results were reviewed after five additional , unpublicized comparisons were included in this total set .
Simply stated , persons who are unable to perform such tasks at a high level have a higher risk of death .
Such measures may therefore provide useful tools for identifying older people at higher risk of death .
In 53,476 persons that had grip strength analyzed , death rate among the weakest people , taking into consideration age , sex and weight , was 1.67 times greater than among the persons with a stronger grip .
The authors say that a steep decline in physical capability may be a better predictor of mortality than is the absolute level at a single point in time .
Rachel Cooper , Diana Kuh , Rebecca Hardy
Written by : Sy Kraft , B.A. - Journalism - California State University , Northridge ( CSUN )
EVBCorpus
According to UN FPA , Vietnam population is aging fast and the country should build up appropriate social security policies to adjust to the current quick aging process .
Based on UNFPA prediction , Vietnam population will start aging in 2017 and be aged in 2035 .
Owing to the decreasing of labor force , aging population will also have its impact on economic growth , investment and reserve .
Kids , Ask Your Teachers Again If You Can Use Pen This Year
Kids , Ask Your Teachers Again If You Can Use Pen This Year
Dr. Philippe Grandjean , University of Southern Denmark , Odense , Denmark and Harvard School of Public Health , Boston states :
Previously , there has been a lack of sufficient evidence proving that any level of lead exposure can potentially cause damage .
Regulatory strategies need to be revised in view of new scientific knowledge , but the insights we have gained should also be applied to a wider perspective beyond lead as a single toxicant .
Future risk assessments should not ignore risks of low-level toxicity in susceptible populations because convincing evidence is not available .
Philippe Grandjean
Written by : Sy Kraft , B.A. - Journalism - California State University , Northridge ( CSUN )
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
At least 13 cholera deaths have been confirmed in Haiti 's capital , Port-au-Prince .
The United Nations released information Friday about a new strategy to help Haitian authorities fight the further spread of the disease .
Haiti 's Ministry of Public Health and Population would continue to lead this effort .
Haiti 's Health Ministry has said the vast majority of the deaths and hospitalizations have come in the more rural north and central provinces .
1 . Batman sequel holds off Recall remake challenge
The Dark Knight Rises is top at the North American box office for a third week , holding off a challenge from Colin Farrell 's remake of Total Recall .
The conclusion to Christopher Nolan 's Batman trilogy easily saw off its rivals , taking its overall box office tally in the US and Canada to $ 354.6m ( £227.8m ) .
Overall North American ticket sales were down roughly 28 % compared with the same weekend last year , when Rise of the Planet of the Apes made more than $ 50 million in its opening weekend .
Their decisions are likely to cause huge offence to many fans of Team GB .
They should be honoured to be there !
Brazil came into the Games as favourites for gold and charged into a 3-0 lead inside half an hour through Rafael , Leandro Damiao and Neymar .
Mohamed Aboutrika gave Egypt hope of an unlikely comeback and despite Mohamed Salah 's 76th-minute strike , they failed to pull off a shock result .
Manchester United right-back Rafael latched onto a through-ball from new Chelsea signing Oscar to beat one man before firing in a 16th-minute opener .
But Brazil saw out the victory to top the group with Belarus , who they play in Sunday 's double-header at Old Trafford .
The 31-year-old missed several Spurs games towards the end of last season because of the problem , but did start every England match at Euro 2012 .
Depending on the operation date and his recovery , Parker could miss England 's first two World Cup qualifiers , against Moldova on 7 September and Ukraine on 11 September .
His wishes however may not come true due to the tight fixtures of the local league .
" The national camp starts on 5 November and we have arranged for two matches then .
" I need the best possible group of players to work with .
However , the Thais are hoping for a change in fortunes and regain their once iron-tight grip of the game in Southeast Asia by wresting the title this year .
" Loomis never consented to the use of his song , " said the singer 's lawyer in a statement .
Jessie J and her representatives said they would not currently be commenting on the case .
Domino was written by Jessie J along with Lukasz Gottwald ( also known as Dr Luke ) , Kelly Claude , Martin Sandberg and Henry Walter .
" I especially never imagined it would be sung by Jessie J. "
7 . Hello Kitty jets : 5 cutest airplanes ever
If you want a real dose of cute cat , book a flight with Taiwan airline EVA Air .
" Therefore , EVA Airways dicussed further with Sanrio and decided to launch two more planes so we can fly more routes and entertain more passengers . "
" Many people specify that they want to take EVA 's special Hello Kitty jet , " said Wong .
That Kitty fleet was disbanded in 2009 , after its licensing agreement expired .
Apple Jet flies to Seoul and Fukuoka .
The world 's cutest boarding passes and baggage stickers .
Then passengers make their way to a you-can't-miss-it gate dedicated to the Hello Kitty flyer .
The boarding gate in Taipei 's Taoyuan International Airport is pink and features a Hello Kitty playground .
David Beckham left out of Team GB football squad for London 2012
However , it is understood he has chosen Manchester City 's Micah Richards instead .
And like everyone , I will be hoping they can win the gold . "
Beckham is still expected to attend the Olympics and may have a role at the opening ceremony , having been part of the team that secured the right to stage the Games in the 2005 vote .
EVBCorpus
The writers suggest that fears that acne drugs cause suicidal thoughts may have been overstated .
There is a pretty strong and consistent association between acne and symptoms of depression or mental health problems .
Roche announced last year that it could cease selling Accutane because of generic competition .
Our study is important because it provides an argument for not being so cautious .
14% of the respondents rated their acne as substantial
Acne is frequently found in late adolescence and is associated with social and psychological problems .
It is not dangerous , but can leave skin scars .
The sebum carries dead skin cells through the follicles to the surface of your skin .
Acne develops when follicles get blocked and infected .
Whiteheads - remain under the skin and are very small .
Papules - visible on the surface of the skin .
Nobules - clearly visible on the surface of the skin .
They are painful , and are filled with pus .
Journal of Investigative Dermatology 16 September 2010 ; doi : 10.1038_jid.2010.264
1 . 4 most common reasons airlines lose luggage
( Budget Travel ) -- As frequent globetrotters and travel writers , we have no shortage of nightmarish lost-luggage tales -- and neither , it seems , do our readers .
Michelle Buchecker of Chicago , whose suitcase vanished during a six-day , multi-city business trip in 1993 , is very angry about this .
It 's simply that , if a suitcase ca n't be reunited with its rightful owner within 90 days , the contents may be donated to charity - or , more likely , shipped off to the Unclaimed Baggage Center in Alabama , a sprawling , 40,000 -square-foot store where eager shoppers snap up lost treasures ( maybe even yours ) at bargain-basement prices .
Cause : When you check your bag , it gets tagged with an oddly printed , illegible routing label - or a legible label gets snagged and torn off your bag shortly after being tagged .
Effect : No one notices the missing/unreadable tag until the bag has gone through TSA and arrived in the hectic distribution area .
You 're told it 's going to take a bit of searching , so you continue on without it .
Or perhaps you 're a tad buzzed from in-flight cocktails .
You call the airline and they put you through to an airport-based staff member who takes down a description and begins a search .
Effect : When you arrive to your destination and your bag does not , you file a lost-baggage report , giving a detailed description .
If it has no ID tag , it will sit - with the other unclaimed luggage .
So when it is the last piece of luggage on the carousel , an attendant will most likely see it , realize the mistake , and notify an attendant at your destination .
(That 's about 3.57 reports per 1,000 passengers . ) Here 's how you can prevent becoming part of this statistic :
Double-check : Ask the flight attendant handling your bag if you can see the routing information placed on the handle to verify its accuracy before she sends your suitcase down the conveyor belt .
Be sure to include your name , address , and phone number ( preferably a mobile number ) .
Not only will that help to identify your bag if it goes missing , it will also help with claims forms if your suitcase is never found .
Embellish your bag : Whether you buy a colorful handle wrap or just add a few stripes of bright duct tape , making yours different from the others could draw the attention of a not-so-motivated airline employee .
2 . SHARE DIVE DISPITE GOOD NEWS ON TRADE DEFICIT
Trading volume reached 29.1 million shares , or 63.3 percent of the previous day 's figure .
Meanwhile , PVF plunged to its floor price of VND7,800 .
The value of trades decreased by 38 percent to just VND200 billion ( $ 9.4 million ) on a volume of nearly 26 million shares .
However , it was " simply the transfer of share ownership " , said Nguyen Van Thuan , head of the HCM City Open University 's Finance-Securities-Bank Department .
The recent trading of STB , SBS and food and beverage firm Hung Vuong ( HVG ) was said to be related to takeover and anti-takeover .
Even though these transactions do not directly increase market liquidity , there was a significant amount of money being poured into stocks " .
However , there is a difference this time .
The economy is in far better shape than it was 12 months ago and the stock market has sprung back to life .
The US seems to be on the road to recovery which augers well for Vietnam 's overseas trade .
Investors were sitting on the sidelines questioning Vietnam 's macroeconomic stability and policies .
Inflation , which was one of the greatest causes for concern has moderated significantly with the current annual rate close to 16 percent and the year to date rate of less than 2.5 percent making the Government 's target of 10 percent for 2012 achievable .
And although many experts were forecasting further pressure at the end of last year this did not materialise .
Gross domestic product ( GDP ) continues to grow at a healthy rate which many countries can only dream of .
According to a recent HSBC survey , Vietnam is listed as one of the 10 growth economies from now till 2050 , with a projected long-term average growth of 5.5 per annum .
However , it appears the Government is being successful in tackling the trade deficit to a much lower level than projected .
A recent survey by the ASEAN Business Council ranked Vietnam as the second most attractive investment destination behind Indonesia and ahead of Singapore , Thailand , and Malaysia .
With the above trends and the continued high level of overseas remittances there is no pressure on Vietnam 's foreign exchange reserves .
The top tier banks are showing signs of improved liquidity and merging of the weaker banks with the stronger banks is actually starting to happen .
Although this will be a long process , in my opinion , a significant bank failure is unlikely .
3 , Vietnam 's Recovery Remains Fragile
Industrial production in July was forecast to grow 7.6 % from a year earlier to 59.07 trillion vietnamese dong ( $ 3.38 billion ) , according to preliminary data published Tuesday by the General Statistics Office .
Earlier this month , Deputy Minister of Industry and Trade Bui Xuan Khu said Vietnam will try boosting industrial production in the second half to ensure growth of not less than 10 % for the whole year .
The Ministry of Industry and Trade said earlier this year that total retail sales of goods and services in 2009 are expected to rise 25.1 % to VND1,210 trillion .
The Vietnam government has poured billions of dollars into the economy since the start of the global economic crisis .
" We still have to stick to the economic stimulus package as there is still a big gap between actual growth and potential growth and the world recovery is weak , " said Mr. Thanh .
Production of crude oil between January and July is estimated up 18.1 % to 10.1 million tons , the GSO said .
The figure represents a 9.8 % fall from 4 million tons produced in June , according to revised GSO data .
In June , Vietnam also produced 7.2 billion kWh .
U.S.-China Meeting Renews the Dialogue
Such is the nature of the U.S.-China relationship today .
" Progress - including security - must be shared . "
This time around , Clinton , who during the presidential primary campaign declared that the U.S. relationship with China would be the " most bilateral relationship in the world in this century , " has sought a prominent role for foreign policy issues .
Dai , speaking in the morning , noted that the two countries are separated by huge differences in culture , ideology and social systems , but added that the economic crisis demonstrated " we are actually all in the same big boat that has been hit by fierce wind and huge waves . "
With the revenue generated by huge trade surpluses with the United States - and policies that keep its currency artificially low - Beijing is the largest single investor in U.S. Treasury bonds .
" He added that China favors a " stable " dollar , which has fallen in value this year against major currencies .
Both sides acknowledged that they must tread carefully in the coming months , with U.S. officials warning Beijing not to expect that American demand will once again spur China 's growth .
Dongguan , the south China city whose factories alone outpace those of Vietnam in exports , has recorded a 10 percent decline in employment since the onset of the global economic downturn , its mayor said on Wednesday .
" The global financial crisis has had a strong impact on Dongguan . "
Despite the grim data , the mayor expressed confidence that Dongguan could still reach its official annual GDP growth target of 10 percent .
According to Mr Li , some 1,200 companies have taken advantage of the funds .
" I can assure you that these figures are accurate , " Mr Li said .
Dongguan last year ranked behind only Shenzhen , Shanghai and Suzhou in exports among Chinese cities , with $ 65.54bn in shipment .
The United States and China pledged Tuesday to lay a foundation for a global economic recovery by pursuing policies aimed at easing their massive trade imbalance and improving regulation of the financial system .
The talks , co-chaired by Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner and Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , produced little in the way of substantive agreements .
Geithner assembled a team of senior U.S. economic officials for the meetings , including Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke and White House economic adviser Lawrence H. Summers , in part to reassure the Chinese about the safety of their U.S. investments .
As Americans bought cheap Chinese imports , U.S. dollars flowed to China , which in turn used those dollars to invest in U.S. debt and mortgage-related securities .
But , over the long term , Chinese officials said they want to reduce their dependence on exports by stimulating domestic consumption .
He said the Chinese side " expressed our appreciation for the moderate attitude of the United States " on the matter .
Around the world , diplomats are trying to hammer out a replacement agreement for the Kyoto pact , to be signed in Copenhagen in December .
Analysts said that while this week 's talks did not produce any breakthrough agreements , they laid the foundation for future ones by setting the right tone for a relationship that has at times been tense .
The Obama administration " is saying let 's see if there are ways we can minimize disagreements to get to good outcomes , " said Kenneth Lieberthal , a China expert with the Brookings Institution .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Children who experience back-to-school flare-ups should stick to a regular " pee " schedule through the day , says Wang .
A small number of children continue to wet their beds until age 10 and beyond .
She advises :
- Drinking plenty of water to ease urination : The marker of good hydration is urine color , which should be pale yellow or as clear as water
- Emptying the bladder immediately before going to bed
" Anecdotally , we are seeing more and more patients referred to us by general pediatricians , " says Wang .
While experts have yet to verify the increase scientifically or tease out the factors behind it , Wang believes that more awareness of this condition , combined with lifestyle choices are the two main drivers .
Johns Hopkins Medicine
More than 600,000 people killed by 2nd-hand smoke
LONDON - Secondhand smoke kills more than 600,000 people worldwide every year , according to a new study .
Altogether , those account for about 1 percent of the world 's deaths .
" This helps us understand the real toll of tobacco , " Armando Peruga , a program manager at the World Health Organization 's Tobacco-Free Initiative , who led the study .
" The infectious diseases and secondhand smoke is a deadly combination , " Peruga said .
The lowest rates of exposure were in the Americas , the Eastern Mediterranean and Africa .
" I don't think it is likely we will see strong regulations reaching into homes , " said Heather Wipfli of the Institute for Global Health at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles , who was not connected to the study .
In the U.K. , the British Lung Foundation is petitioning the government to outlaw smoking in cars .
Pakistan attacks in Quetta and Bara kill 15
EVBCorpus
Pakistan attacks in Quetta and Bara kill 15
Eight people died when a bus carrying pilgrims was hit by an explosion in Quetta , Balochistan .
A similar attack took place on 18 June in Quetta , claiming the lives of four students on a bus .
Pakistan 's military is engaged in a long-running battle against militants in the tribal areas around Bara , including the Taliban and armed groups who support them .
Gum bacteria escape into bloodstream and increase risk of clots and heart attack
The study that led to this finding was the work of University of Bristol researchers , in collaboration with scientists at the Royal College of Surgeons in Dublin , Ireland ( also called the RCSI ) and was presented Monday at the Society for General Microbiology 's autumn meeting that is running from 6-9 September at the University of Nottingham , UK .
" Poor dental hygiene can lead to bleeding gums , providing bacteria with an escape route into the bloodstream , where they can initiate blood clots leading to heart disease . "
In their study , Jenkinson and colleagues found that once Streptococcus bacteria get into the bloodstream , they use a protein called PadA which sits on their outer surface , to hijack blood platelets and force them to clump together and make blood clots .
They are doing it with the help of a new blood flow model that mimics the human circulatory system .
Walmsley said it also underlines " the high importance of brushing twice a day with fluoride toothpaste , restricting your intake of sugary foods and drinks and visiting the dentist regularly in order to maintain good oral health " .
Jenkinson is also the organizer of the Streptococcus session of the Society for General Microbiology Meeting Autumn 's , and in his notes about the symposium he wrote that it should not only provide an overview of " this important research field " , but hopefully it will also " re-engage microbiologists working on streptococci and related areas into a UK Streptococcus grouping for future benefit " .
Sources : Bristol University , BBC News .
EVBCorpus
One of them is that you cannot use the iPhone as a mass storage device .
The Mac app is free and available in the Mac App Store , whereas the iOS counterpart costs $ 1.99 .
The connection is initiated from the iPhone , so go to the Wi-Fi Sharing tab and click Enable .
To view the files that you 've sent , go to the Home tab .
File Storage Companion and File Storage do work under the caveat that you may need to transfer files from multiple systems , but you will only ever need to transfer them from your iPhone to a system that you frequently use .
One of the things that the iOS camera app is missing , is the ability to date and time stamp a photo .
Seen in the photo below , Dater puts the date and time stamp at the bottom of the image when scrolling through the Apple photo gallery .
The device must be jailbroken to use this tweak .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The authors also reveal that falling in love can occur in a fifth of a second .
I would say the brain , but the heart is also related because the complex concept of love is formed by both bottom-up and top-down processes from the brain to the heart and vice versa .
The scientists also found that when couples had just fallen in love , their blood levels of NGF ( nerve growth factor ) had gone up .
When a love affair goes wrong , or when it ends , there is a significant risk of depression and emotional distress for at least one of the partners .
It 's another probe into the brain and into the mind of a patient .
If we can identify which parts of the brain are activated and stimulated by love , clinicians and therapists might have a deeper understanding of what is going on when treating a love-sick patient , the authors believe .
The Syracuse University team worked with researchers from West Virginia University as well as Geneva University Psychiatric Center , Switzerland .
The Journal of Sexual Medicine DOI : 10.1111j.1743-6109.2010.01999.x
Too many sisters affect male sexuality
Growing up with lots of sisters makes a man less sexy .
This is an area that has received a lot of attention recently , such as research showing that the position of a fetus in the uterus matters .
But Crews wanted to separate the effects of life before and after birth .
When rat pups were born , the researchers counted the number of males and females in each litter to determine the sex ratio in the womb .
The researchers found no effects of the sex ratio in the uterus .
But they penetrated the female rats and ejaculated just as much as did the other males .
The females did this less when they were with a male rat that had grown up in a female-biased litter .
These were rats , but the results have implications for humans , too , Crews says .
The APS journal Psychological Science is the highest ranked empirical journal in psychology .
Source : Association for Psychological Science
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
" A penny saved is a penny earned . "
" Putting money away for a rainy day " is another way to talk about saving for the future .
People like that are often said to spend money " like a drunken sailor " or " like there 's no tomorrow . "
For example , the members might work for a university or a government agency .
With a certificate of deposit , a person agrees not to withdraw the money for a certain period of time .
Longer terms , and larger amounts , pay higher interest .
Another way to save is through a money market fund .
Money market funds , however , may not be federally guaranteed like other kinds of savings .
This year , that rate is expected to be a little more than four percent .
Almost 30 % of global GDP , or $ 18tn ( £11tn ) , is held by central banks after purchasing government bonds and pumping liquidity into the financial system to ease the current crisis .
Ahead of this week 's European summit , the BIS said it was difficult to escape the idea that a solution to the eurozone crisis required a pan-European banking system - a plan which is not supported by all eurozone members .
" The goals of balanced growth , balanced economic policies and a safe financial system still elude us .
" From time to time , encouraging signs raise hopes - but they are quickly dashed , delivering another blow to the confidence of consumers and investors . "
Preventing dog bites
Dog bites can be much more than an innocent little nip , and some require hospitalization or even surgery .
Other People 's Pooches
No matter how well you think you know the dog , always supervise your kids around someone else 's pet .
Always ask the owner if it 's OK to pet the dog .
If an unfamiliar dog approaches you , stay calm , do n't look it directly in the eye , and stand still or back up slowly .
If a dog tries to bite you , put anything you can between you and the dog .
A lot of the responsibility for preventing dog bites falls on the owner 's shoulders .
If your family has a dog , make sure it gets all required immunizations and regular vet check ups .
If you have kids , closely supervise them when they 're around the dog and never leave an infant or toddler alone with your pet .
Never tease dogs or pull their tails or ears .
Never feed a dog a treat with your fingers .
If your child is bitten by a dog , contact your doctor , particularly if the dog is not yours .
The name and location of the dog 's owners
Reviewed by : Nicole Green , MD
Hand , foot and mouth disease
Hand , foot and mouth disease ( HFMD ) is a human syndrome caused by intestinal viruses of the Picornaviridae family .
It typically occurs in small epidemics in nursery schools or kindergartens , usually during the summer and autumn months .
It is uncommon in adults , but those with immune deficiencies are very susceptible .
Symptoms of HFMD include :
- Fatigue
- Painful oral lesions
- Sores or blisters may be present on the buttocks of small children and infants
The common incubation period ( the time between infection and onset of symptoms ) is from three to seven days .
A rash may become evident on the hands , feet , mouth , tongue , inside of the cheeks , and occasionally the buttocks ( but generally , the rash on the buttocks will be caused by the diarrhea . )
HFMD is a viral disease that has to run its course ; many doctors do not issue medicine for this illness , unless the infection is severe .
Only a very small minority of sufferers require hospital admission , mainly as a result of neurological complications ( encephalitis , meningitis , or acute flaccid paralysis ) or pulmonary edema pulmonary hemorrhage .
Viral meningitis causes fever , headache , stiff neck , or back pain .
* There have been reports of fingernail and toenail loss occurring mostly in children within 4 weeks of their having hand , foot , and mouth disease .
However , the nail loss has been temporary and nail growth resumed without medical treatment .
1998
The total number of cases in that epidemic is estimated to have been 1.5 million .
2007
* An outbreak in China , beginning in March in Fuyang , Anhui , led to 25,000 infections , and 42 deaths , by May 13 .
2009
By late April , health agencies in Jakarta were warning community health centers and advocating preventive steps , including the use of thermal scanners in airports and avoiding travel to Singapore .
Until March 70,756 children were infected and 40 died from the disease .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
European bonds
European bonds ( or Stability Bonds ) are suggested government bonds issued in Euros jointly by the 17 eurozone nations .
Eurobond
The Eurobond market is an important source of capital for multinational companies and foreign governments , including Third World governments .
By Joseph E. Stiglitz
This is not only the worst global economic downturn of the post-World War II era ; it is the first serious global downturn of the modern era of globalization .
Globalization , too , did not work the way it was supposed to .
A global downturn requires a global response .
Among these victims are the many developing countries - including those that have had far better regulatory and macroeconomic policies than the United States and some European countries .
The G-20 's response to the global economic crisis , crafted at meetings in November in Washington and in April in London , was a beginning but just a beginning .
Many of the 173 countries that are not members of the G-20 argue that decisions affecting the lives of their citizens should not be made by a self-selected club that lacks political legitimacy .
Indeed , the G-20 's response to the crisis in developing countries relied centrally on the IMF .
The international community should realize , however , that much more needs to be done than has so far been undertaken by the G-20 .
The United States may have the resources to bail out its banks and stimulate its economy , but developing countries do not .
Assistance has to be provided in grants , not just loans .
In the past , the IMF provided assistance accompanied by " conditions . "
A condition imposed on international institutions that provide assistance to developing countries should be that they not engage in such " conditionality " .
One clever way of doing so was a new issue of IMF money ( to the tune of $ 250 billion ) called " special drawing rights , " a positive move , but too little of it will wind up in the hands of the poorest countries .
This means that America , in effect , discriminates against poor countries .
Such subsidies , bailouts and guarantees are understandable , but the adverse impacts on developing countries must be recognized , and we must find some way of compensating them to offset this unfair advantage .
There is international agreement on ten issues .
Third , regulation is required because failures in a large financial institution or the financial system more generally can have " externalities , " adverse effects on workers , homeowners , taxpayers and others worldwide .
Seventh , so too did the fact that many banks had grown " too big to fail " - which meant that if they gambled and won , they walked away with the gains , but if they lost , taxpayers picked up the losses .
As we have seen , if we regulate the banking system but not the shadow banking system , business will migrate to where it is less well regulated and less transparent .
The G-20 has talked about the rapid return of " private capital , " but what does this bode if private capital returns without market discipline ?
The G-20 did take long-overdue action on nontransparent offshore banking centers .
Why was so much effort spent on these extraneous issues rather than on those more directly related to the crisis ?
Developing countries want this money returned and want access to information that will allow them to detect secret accounts .
The global economic crisis highlights the deficiencies of existing international institutions .
If we are to make our global economic system work better , we have to have better systems of global economic governance .
Despite extensive discussions at the time of Argentina 's 2001 default , there was no progress in creating a sovereign debt-restructuring mechanism .
What responsibility do US taxpayers have to depositors abroad if Citibank fails ?
Its citizens ' standard of living may be impaired for decades because of the bankruptcies of its banks and the Icelandic government 's decision to assume some responsibility for these failures .
Every year developing countries set aside hundreds of billions of dollars to protect themselves against the costs of such instability , made so evident by the East Asia crisis .
Those who would like us to go back to the world as it was before the crisis will find some of the questions being asked at the UN summit uncomfortable .
It is time to begin the restructuring of our global economic and financial system in ways that ensure that the fruits of prosperity are more widely shared and that the system is more stable .
10 Common symptoms in infants and young toddlers
10 Common symptoms in infants and young toddlers
Diarrhea is one of the most common childhood illnesses .
Until diarrhea stops , keep your child at home and hydrated .
Fever in babies and toddlers
Soothe baby with fluids , a lukewarm bath , and by dressing him in lightweight clothes .
Some babies poop several times a day ; others go a few days between bowel movements .
Do n't worry if your baby or toddler does n't go as often as you 'd expect .
If constipation continues or your baby has other symptoms , such as abdominal pain or vomiting , call the doctor .
Babies have sensitive skin .
To avoid diaper rash , change diapers often , and apply an ointment for protection .
Babies ' coughs come in many varieties .
Coughs with a low-grade fever are often from a cold , but a higher fever may mean pneumonia .
Cough medicines should not be given to babies or children under 4 .
Toddlers can also have problems as they try different foods .
By about the 6th month , baby 's first little teeth will start poking through her gums .
Gently massaging baby 's gums with your finger can also help .
Because gas is often caused by swallowing air , feed your baby slowly and burp often .
Stuffy noses
Instead , use saline drops to thin out mucus and then suction it out of baby 's nose with a bulb syringe .
Babies often spit up after eating , but forceful or persistent vomiting needs a doctor 's evaluation .
If vomiting does n't stop in a few hours , or is accompanied by a fever in an infant , or your child ca n't keep down fluids , call your doctor .
Trust your instincts , but stay alert for signs that you need to call your health care provider or seek emergency care .
EVBCorpus
5 Myths About sexually transmitted diseases
But if you do decide to have sex , you 'll need to stay informed and learn what 's true and what 's not .
Fact : STDs do n't discriminate .
What can you do ?
That 's because condoms are the only type of birth control that reduces the risk of getting an STD .
Fact : There 's often no sign that a person has an STD .
But it is possible to carry and spread the virus without ever having an outbreak .
Even if you both think you 're clean , get checked out before having sex .
Fact : Where there 's sex ( oral , anal , vaginal , or even just sexual contact ) , there can be STDs .
Use a condom or a dental dam every time you have oral or anal sex .
Some STDs are yours for life , like herpes and HIV .
What can you do ?
That way your partner will avoid future problems - and avoid reinfecting you .
Fact : Your partner could have an STD and not know it .
Who wants to make the effort to get tested , find out they 're clean , and then end up catching an STD from a partner anyway ?
It may not be your most romantic date , but nothing says " I care " like trying to protect a boyfriend or girlfriend from illness .
Left untreated , some STDs can cause permanent damage , such as infertility and even death .
Get tested .
Date reviewed : June 2009
Dioxin animal feed scare shuts German farms
Meanwhile , the EU has warned that eggs from farms affected by dioxin have entered the UK in processed products destined for human food .
The dioxin was discovered in late December , but the extent of the problem was only revealed earlier this week when German officials said 3,000 tonnes of feed had been affected .
" Those eggs were then processed and then exported to the United Kingdom ... as a 14-tonne consignment of pasteurised product for consumption , " he said .
So we will probably take a look at this with the UK authorities and see what was done with these eggs . "
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The number of millionaires in Asia has overtaken North America for the first time in a sign of wealth shifting across the globe due to the economic downturn , according to a new report .
In the Asia-Pacific region there are now 3.37 million men and women with more than $ 1m ( £635,000 ) in the bank , compared with 3.35 million in North America , Capgemini and RBC Wealth Management 's latest world wealth report revealed .
In the UK , which has the fifth highest number of millionaires , membership of the elite club dropped 2.9 % from 454,300 to 441,300 , while both Germany and France saw increases .
Several emerging markets saw wealth levels drop , in particular India and Hong Kong , which saw their number of millionaires fall by a fifth .
India was worst hit due to " a slump in its equity-market capitalisation and its currency in 2011 as a lack of faith in the political process and the slow pace of domestic reformed disappointed investors , " according to the report .
George Lewis , group head of RBC wealth management , explained : " The aggregate wealth of high net worth individuals declined overall , as market volatility took its toll .
EVBCorpus
Dr Sara Lazar , director of the Massachusetts General Hospital Laboratory for Neuroscientific Investigation of Meditation in Boston , whose work is sponsored by the National Institutes of Health and the Center for Disease Control , says that " on a busy city street , it 's probably more adaptive to have a shorter attention span " .
Lazar calls the drain on brain power from attending continuously to stimuli like those that surround city dwellers " directed attention fatigue " , a neurological state that occurs when our voluntary attention , the part of the brain that we use to concentrate on particular stimuli while ignoring distractions , gets worn down .
The symptoms of directed attention fatigue include feelings of heightened distraction , impatience and forgetfulness .
Researchers at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor published a study in 2008 that compared the effect of interacting with nature versus interacting with urban environments .
They suggested this validated the idea that spending time in nature environments refreshes the city-dweller 's brain .
For example patients who could see trees from their hospital beds recovered more quickly than those who could not , and women living in high rise apartments could focus more easily on daily tasks when they had a view of grassy areas .
They found that this difference was more pronounced in the older participants , suggesting that meditation might offset the thinning of the cortical regions of the brain that occur as we age .
For the first time in human history , people living in cities outnumber those living in rural environments .
Sources :
Written by : Catharine Paddock , PhD
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
ESET , a computer security firm , said .
The virus was first detected some months ago but ESET saw a sudden spike in infections two months ago as its authors began to exploit their creation .
" Every new design is sent automatically to the operator of this malware .
" We were really surprised they helped us because it 's the first time we have worked with Chinese authorities , " said Mr Zwienenberg .
EVBCorpus
Mario Vittone , a writer on maritime safety , tells a story about a former life guard , now a boat captain , who spotted a potentially fatal incident from fifty feet away .
Many of us , who have perhaps unwittingly been coached by TV dramas and cartoon films , when asked to describe a drowning person would probably say they would be thrashing their arms about wildly and making loud cries of help .
Furthermore , says the CDC , many parents have watched their child drown without realizing what was happening .
Vittone and Pia wrote about the Instinctive Drowning Response , in the Fall 06 issue of On Scene , the journal of the US Coast Guard Search and Rescue .
In the vast majority of cases , drowning people are physiologically incapable of calling out for help because the human body is wired to give priority to the primary respiratory function , breathing , and not to speech , which is a secondary overlaid function .
While in the Drowning , people stay upright but they don't perform kicks , and unless rescued , they struggle on the surface of the water up to 60 seconds before they go under .
Vittone also says parents should be aware that children playing in the water usually make a noise : when they go quiet , you should get to them quickly and find out why .
Their records show that most of the young children who drowned in pools in 2007 were last seen indoors , had been out sight for less that 5 minutes , and were under the supervision of one or both parents at the time .
If you are keen on swimming , boating and doing other recreational activities in natural water , it is important to be aware of local weather conditions , and how to interpret the colored flags on the beach .
Alcohol is also a problem : about half of adult and adolescent deaths that occur in and around recreational water and about 1 in 5 American deaths linked to boating are associated with alcohol .
But how do you know ?
Sources : mariovittone.com ,
Alien Hand Syndrome sees woman attacked by her own hand
An operation to control her epilepsy left Karen Byrne with no control of her left hand
Her left hand , and occasionally her left leg , behaves as if it were under the control of an alien intelligence .
When this does not work , or when the damaged area cannot be identified , patients may be offered something more radical .
Then her doctors noticed some extremely odd behaviour .
Your hand 's undressing you .
" So I start rebuttoning with the right hand , as soon as I stopped , the left hand started unbuttoning them .
" I 'd light a cigarette , balance it on an ashtray , and then my left hand would reach forward and stub it out .
Karen 's problem was caused by a power struggle going on inside her head .
The right hemisphere , which controls the left arm and leg , is largely responsible for spatial awareness and recognising patterns .
But in psychology circles they became legends .
And this hand clearly did not have a clue what to do .
But in a cruel twist of fate , by then he was suffering from a fatal degenerative brain disease , called kuru , probably picked up in the early days of his research while splitting brains .
After the operation , the right side of her brain refused to be dominated by the left .
EVBCorpus
New research indicates that even in a mother 's eating can have a negative impact on her baby 's brain development .
According to lead researcher Thomas McDonald , when the mother had less food to eat , the shortage showed up in certain structures inside the developing infants ' brains .
These discoveries may help explain what other researchers have learned about children whose mothers didn't eat enough while pregnant .
" You don't want to shortchange your baby .
EVBCorpus
Experiments on tissue cultures , published in Oncogene , suggest that blocking it would prevent cancers spreading .
Cells can break off and travel around the body , through the bloodstream or lymph fluid , and start a new or secondary tumour where they land , a process known as metastasis .
The rogue gene
The team at the University of East Anglia has found a gene which helps the cancer spread .
The researchers showed , in tissue cultures , that without the inhibitor , Smad7 , cancer progressed very quickly and spread .
" This discovery could lead to the development of a new generation of drugs within the decade that could be used to stop the aggressive spread of most forms of this disease . "
Online Safety
How could we live without the Internet ?
You 've probably heard stories about people who get into trouble in chat rooms .
Because users can easily remain anonymous , chat rooms often attract people who are interested in more than just chatting .
Of course , the Internet is home to millions of places you can and should visit .
And it 's not just websites - blogs , videos , and downloadable games await to connect you with other user and players .
Remain as anonymous as possible .
- full name
- passwords
So if someone does , it 's a red flag that they may be up to no good .
That way , if you ever find yourself in a conversation that makes you uncomfortable , you can exit without having to worry that someone knows your screen name and can track you down via email .
If you ever get involved in a chat room conversation that makes you feel uncomfortable or in danger for any reasons , exit and tell a parent or other adult right away so they can report the incident .
It 's not just strangers who can make you feel uncomfortable online .
If you get these bullying messages online , it 's often better to ignore them rather than answer them .
Fortunately , most people never experience cyberbullying .
Although email is relatively private , hackers can still access it - or add you to their spam lists .
If you do n't recognize the sender of a document or file that needs to be downloaded , delete it without opening it to avoid getting a virus on your machine .
If you do invest in protective software , you 'll need to keep it updated to be sure it continues to do its job as new technologies evolve .
Longer , More Regular Sleep May Reduce Childhood Obesity
Previous studies have already reported that insufficient sleep is linked to an increased risk of obesity in children , but in this study , Gozal and colleagues set out specifically to explore the effect of duration and regularity of sleep on BMI and metabolic regulation in children .
The children wore wrist monitors for a week .
However , there was also a non-linear trend between sleep and weight .
Analysis of sleep patterns and blood markers showed that high variance in sleep duration , or shorter sleep duration , was more likely to be linked to altered levels of insulin , LDL cholesterol , and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein .
The researchers found that just an extra half hour of sleep every night was linked to lower BMI and reduced pattern of risky blood markers .
" Educational campaigns , aimed at families , regarding longer and more-regular sleep may promote decreases in obesity rates and may improve metabolic dysfunction trends in school-aged children . "
Pediatrics , Published online 24 January 2011
Written by : Catharine Paddock , PhD
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
On Monday , Microsoft shocked the tech world by announcing a pair of Windows 8 tablets , both dubbed Microsoft Surface .
The potential effects of Surface on the PC market ca n't be understated .
It took a few years for other companies to catch on , but now it 's finally happening .
You could probably attribute that quote to Steve Jobs and get away with it .
A new Google-branded tablet , manufactured by Asus , may be announced next week at the Google I/O developers conference , according to numerous reports .
Google has built Nexus phones ( in conjunction with a hardware partner ) before , but the emphasis is different now .
Now , Google seems to view them as a way to deliver Android software and Google Play services directly to consumers , unmodified by other companies and untainted by bloatware .
It sounds like Google 's learned that iTunes is as big of a hook for Apple as the core iOS software .
I see this as good news for consumers .
Apple needs better competition , particularly in tablets .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
This is the first study to assess the impact of doing a daily step count on insulin sensitivity , the authors claim .
However , doing 3,000 steps five times a week can also work .
The participants underwent a comprehensive health check , and then completed a questionnaire that revealed details on their eating habits and lifestyle .
The participants were followed-up again five years later .
The researchers worked out that sedentary individuals who gradually increased their daily step count to 10,000 over a five-year period would enjoy a threefold improvement in insulin sensitivity compared to those who managed to reach 3,000 steps a day ( five days a week ) at the end of five years .
According to the American Diabetes Association :
5.7 million Americans have diabetes but don't know it ( undiagnosed )
2 million teenagers have pre-diabetes
Type 1 Diabetes is an autoimmune disease - the person 's body has destroyed his_her own insulin-producing beta cells in the pancreas .
" Association of change in daily step count over five years with insulin sensitivity and adiposity : population based cohort study "
Copyright : Medical News Today
4 Reasons Samsung Wo n't Take on Facebook
Family Story is a way for users of Samsung products to share photos and other content between their Samsung phones , cameras , Blu -Ray players , Smart TVs , and Smart refrigerators .
That Korea Times story - or rather , its English language translation - found its way onto the Boy Genius Report , a rumor blog .
It was fascinating insight into both the culture of South Korea and of the company itself , which are closely intertwined .
I 've never seen a single company play such a huge role in a country 's economy .
But what they do n't do is compete head on with other makers of software or services .
They build software and services to complement their devices and make them more useful .
Everyone except their fierce Korean rival , LG Electronics .
3 . Samsung is Intensely Secretive .
The names of rival companies are blacked out in the Powerpoint slides they present to reporters .
It 's much more likely they were chatting about the already announced Family Story product .
4 . Samsung is n't Stupid .
Launching a brand new social network to compete head on with Facebook 's 900-million subscribers would be unbelievably dense .
There is no point in it trying to compete there .
EVBCorpus
A patient 's belief that a drug will not work can become a self fulfilling prophecy , according to researchers .
Experts said this could have important consequences for patient care and for testing new drugs .
Patients were then given a potent painkiller , remifentanil , without their knowledge and the pain score went down to 55 .
Professor Irene Tracey , from Oxford University , told the BBC : " It 's phenomenal , it 's really cool .
It 's one of the best analgesics we have brain 's influence can either vastly increase its effect , or completely remove it . "
Brain scans during the experiment also showed which regions of the brain were affected .
Researchers also say this study raises concerns about clinical trials used to determine the effectiveness of drugs .
EVBCorpus
Women show the opposite pattern .
" A robust jealousy mechanism is activated in men and women by different types of cues - those that threaten paternity in men and those that threaten abandonment in women , " says Jaime C. Confer , the study 's lead author and a doctoral candidate in evolutionary psychology .
The researchers asked 700 college students to imagine they were in a committed romantic and sexual relationship with someone they 've been dating for three months .
Some were told the infidelity happened once , others twice .
The findings suggest men are more distressed by the type of infidelity that could threaten their paternity of offspring .
Conversely , women objected to continuing a relationship following both types of affairs , but especially so for a boyfriend 's homosexual affair .
Source : University of Texas at Austin
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Leaders from more than one hundred nations are in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , for a three-day United Nations Development Sustainable on Conference .
United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon spoke at the opening of the event , known as the Rio+20 .
The conference helped build support for the nineteen ninety-seven Kyoto agreement to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
The UN says jobs , energy and sustainable cities are of top importance .
These gasses are known to trap heat and have been linked to climate change .
And , the reason for that is clear - mayors , the great pragmatists on the world stage who are directly responsible for the well-being for the majority of the world 's people , just do n't have the luxury to simply talk about change and not delivering it . ''
Mr. Lohani said Asia 's fast growth places heavy pressure on the environment and society .
Asia is also rich in ecosystems , and therefore , very vulnerable . "
Hong Kong ( CNN ) - So little is known about North Korean leader Kim Jong Un that the identity of a woman seen by his side during more than one official engagement has sparked a flurry of speculation worldwide .
No one seems to know .
Andrei Lankov of Kookmin University in South Korea , an expert and author of a number of books on North Korea , said it was unlikely speculators would ever find out .
No sane North Korean who knows it would share this out for very special reasons " .
Away from the stage , the young woman 's presence raised questions too about the purpose of the performance and the message the leadership was intending to convey .
The presence of a female companion to the leader during an official engagement was unusual , Lankov said , and could be part of a campaign to present Kim as " much more approachable , human-like and soft on people " than his father , Kim Jong Il .
Definitely a wife , Lankov stressed , because the public appearance of a leader 's girlfriend or lover would be unthinkable .
" Until , say 2010 , as far as I remember we did n't even know how his name was correctly spelt in Korean . "
After 13 hours of talks , they also agreed to set up a joint banking supervisory body for the eurozone .
Announcing the deal , EU Council President Herman van Rompuy said it would break the " vicious circle " between banks and national governments .
The deal also tried to sort out a problem with a previous agreement to lend money to Spain 's banks .
The new agreement made clear that the EU 's existing bailout fund will provide aid under the current rules until the new fund , the European Stabilisation Mechanism , begins operations .
The move should make Spanish government debt a little more attractive to private investors , our correspondent says .
Spain struggling to stay afloat
First of all , the Spanish government does n't even know how much money will be needed .
Some economists say that , frankly , is a fudge .
" They 've been saying this is n't a bailout , it 's just the financial system .
In a sign of yet more concern , Spain 's bond yield ended Monday 's session higher than it was before the weekend 's events , with the yield on Spain 's 10-year note - effectively the country 's borrowing costs - posting its biggest one-day jump in a year .
And although eurocrats were out in force assuring everyone that " a stronger framework " was in place , people remained perplexed .
Spain 's banking sector fix is badly needed , but it is not the only ill Spain is suffering from .
All the while , its commitment to austerity continues to bite the average person - and they are n't getting a bailout .
And that in turn may make Spain 's bailout yet more expensive. . before it 's even begun .
European bonds ( or Stability Bonds ) are suggested government bonds issued in Euros jointly by the 17 eurozone nations .
Eurobonds have been suggested as an effective way to tackle the European sovereign debt crisis though they remain controversial .
The bonds are usually issued by large underwriting groups composed of banks and issuing houses from many countries .
EVBCorpus
A recent study by U.S. and Chinese researchers may help provide clues .
The World Health Organization estimates in Asia , liver cancer caused by Hepatitis B is one of three major causes of death in men and a major cause in women .
" We found that what 's in cancer cells is in fact this variant form and so there we got together and ( began ) exploring this protein as this cancer protein , " said Dr. Peng Loh , a neuro-endocrinologist at the National Institute .
In all , Dr. Loh says there could be as many as 14 types of cancer where CPE-Delta N is found .
" We feel that those are the ones that we can help the most , because they were the ones who were told most likely you wo n't get recurrence , so let 's not treat , " Dr. Loh said .
EVBCorpus
They reported higher sugar use in the brain , a sign of increased activity , after 50 minutes on the phone .
The largest study on 420,000 mobile phone users in Denmark , has not shown a link between phone use and cancer .
One phone was off , the another was on but muted so the person could not tell the difference .
Professor Patrick Haggard , from the Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience at University College London , said : " This is a very interesting result , since it suggests a possible direct effect of mobile phone signals on brain function .
" However , if further studies confirm that mobile phone signals do have direct effects on brain metabolism , then it will be important to investigate whether such effects have implications for health . "
It is reasonable to assume that the small increase in metabolism results from a deposition of energy , which may result in turn from local temperature changes or perhaps magnetic or electrical stimulation that does not involve heat at all .
" It is important to fully appreciate that no health risk is identified in this paper . "
Just fifty minutes on your cell phone causes an increase in brain glucose , or sugar , metabolism .
Because neurons cannot store glucose , they depend on the bloodstream to deliver a constant supply of this precious fuel .
Dr. Nora D. Volkow , the director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse , led a team who took 47 healthy people and scanned their brains while they held cell phones to their ears .
Even during sleep , neurons are still at work repairing and rebuilding their worn out structural components .
Most demanding of a neuron 's energy , however , are the bioelectric signals responsible for communication throughout the nervous system .
However , brain tumors use glucose to grow so an increase in glucose activity may not be good .
Aside , a Motorola sponsored study found cell phones give people a newfound personal power , enabling unprecedented mobility and allowing them to conduct their business on the go .
The fact is that much more research needs to be done to truly examine cell phone impact on physiology .
If something is changing brain metabolism , you probably do n't want that near your ear . "
Written by Sy Kraft , B.A .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
NEWS ANALYSIS : Google 's Android platform has skyrocketed to the top of the mobile market and has become entrenched there with little sign that another mobile OS will soon topple its dominant position .
There are several reasons why that has happened .
And 2012 might just be its best year yet , according to IDC .
For years , Android has been called the second-rate version of iOS by some mobile customers .
Still , with solid branding , a high-quality experience and some help from a boatload of vendors , Android is the top player in the mobile market .
Here are the reasons that Android is so dominant today .
There are now hundreds ( if not thousands ) of different mobile device models running Android in one form or another , ranging from mobile phones to tablets and enterprise products .
Meanwhile , Android 's chief competitor , iOS , while highly popular and extremely profitable for Apple is suffering in market share , at least , because of Apple 's policy to keep it in-house .
RIM was long a thorn in the side of Nokia 's Symbian platform and Windows Mobile when that operating system had considerable market share .
4 . BYOD
Without BYOD , it would be impossible for Android to keep up .
Microsoft arguably has the best chance of one day overtaking Android .
6 . Vendor support
Once they were in the Android fold , the search giant has encouraged mobile device makers to invest as heavily as possible into the platform .
It was a smart move that 's paying serious dividends .
It 's another significant reason why smartphone makers are investing in the platform and another incentive for people to buy Android phones .
Carriers have been the secret weapon behind Android 's success over the last several years .
When Apple unveiled the App Store , there was concern among analysts and market researchers that an application store that did n't have Apple 's name on it might not take off .
10 . Yes , even the enterprise
Who would have predicted that ?
Limit red meat to reduce risk of bowel cancer , UK advice
The 70g refers to the cooked weight : when meat is cooked it loses a lot of water , so for example , about 130g of raw meat becomes 90g when it is cooked .
70g ( 2.5 ounces ) is about the same as :
Three slices of ham .
Six slices of salami .
One lamb chop .
But she urged people who eat a lot of red and processed meat to think about cutting down :
" We 're now going a step further and giving scientific advice on how to help prevent it , " she added .
Every year about 36,000 people in the UK find out they have bowel cancer , and 16,500 die from it .
He said the advice is not saying men can't occasionally have some sausages for breakfast or enjoy a bacon sandwich , but the evidence shows a need to reconsider how much red and processed meat we eat .
To give people an idea of how much they might need to cut down , the NHS Choices website shows the following information on its " Livewell : red meat and bowel cancer " page :
A medium portion of meat from a Sunday roast is about 90g ( ie three thin slices of roast lamb , beef or pork equal to about half a slice of bread in size each ) .
An 8 oz grilled beef steak weighs 163g
Written by : Catharine Paddock , PhD
Study : Mom 's blood test can reveal Down syndrome
NEW YORK - Scientists in Europe report they were able to diagnose Down syndrome prenatally by giving a simple blood test to pregnant women , an approach that might one day help them avoid the more extensive procedure used now to detect the condition .
For a firm diagnosis , doctors take a sample of amniotic fluid or the placenta .
A reliable diagnostic blood test also could give an answer earlier than the standard tests .
In the latest report , scientists in Cyprus , Greece and England said that in a blind test , they correctly identified 14 Down syndrome cases and 26 normal fetuses .
EVBCorpus
Ann Rutherford ( left ) played Scarlett O'Hara 's youngest sister Careen in the movie classic alongside Vivien Leigh and Evelyn Keyes
She told the Los Angeles Times that Rutherford had been suffering from heart problems .
She had launched her movie career in Westerns while she was still a teenager , appearing with both singing cowboy hero Gene Autry and John Wayne .
EVBCorpus
" Acupuncture " therefore means , " to penetrate with a needle " .
It is possible for an acupuncturist to treat the symptoms of various diseases very effectively ; for example a pain in the back can be relieved in minutes .
The acupuncturist should treat the fundamental cause of the illness and as the cure progresses the symptoms disappear on their own .
The acupuncturist must know the function of each acupuncture point and its interaction with other acupuncture points .
In contrast , a novice may use many needles and still be unable to balance the energy flows .
Most patients need ten to fifteen needles for each treatment , but sometimes only a single needle may be enough .
In a few minutes , a shoulder that has been immobile for up to three months moves freely without pain .
The earliest acupuncture implements were sharp pieces of bone or flint in the shape of arrowheads called Bian stones .
Early acupuncture needles were made from bamboo and bone and as they were rather thick , their insertion was painful .
As the art of metallurgy progressed , different types of needles were made .
At the time when the " Neiching " was written , there were nine different types of acupuncture needles in use .
Blunt and round needles were used for acupressure .
Three-sided needles were used to bleed the patient in cases of coma and high fever .
Finally there were the plum blossom needles also called the seven star needles which was used to tap the skin over acupuncture points .
These needles were in widespread use for thousands of years until the early years of the 20th century , when the invention of stainless steel revolutionized the art of acupuncture .
In my experience needles made from stainless steel are as effective in therapy as needles made from any other material .
Treatment by acupuncture : pain or pain relief ?
This has given rise to the misconception that acupuncture is painful .
The needles used for demonstration are far thicker than those used for acupuncture .
The tip of an acupuncture needle is conical , which allows it to penetrate the tissues separating the fibres of the muscle , without causing damage .
A hypodermic needle in contrast , has a sharp edge and its insertion cuts out a small cylinder .
A hypodermic needle also has a hole which a liquid is forced while giving the injection .
In contrast to an injection , an acupuncture needle produces its effect by altering the energy flow inside the body .
The longest needles are used on fat people in areas where there is thick muscle and a lot of fat , like the buttocks and hips .
On the forehead , hands and face , only the tip of the needle is inserted .
Acupuncture points are also stimulated by burning a herb called " moxa " over the point .
Before use , this herb is processed into moxawool by grinding the dry leaves of this plant into a fine wool .
Direct moxibuxtion is carried out with a smouldering cigar of moxa , which is used to warm the acupuncture point from a distance of one centimeter .
Another method is to place a small ball of Moxawool on the head of an acupuncture needle .
Moxa disperses the cold and so is used in the treatment of diseases like arthritis , and bronchitis , caused by wind and cold .
Many other substances have been tried as alternatives to moxa , but it appears that none of these alternatives are as effective as moxa in healing .
Another means of eliminating cold is cupping .
This creates a vacuum , which makes the cup stick to the skin .
This is quite useful in treating bronchitis and fib rositis .
techniques of treatment
Patients will see that the acupuncturist uses different techniques of insertion of needles and different methods of stimulation of the needles at different stages in the treatment .
The patient will also find that the acupuncturist may insert needles in different acupuncture points each time .
He is then given a break for a week to allow the acupuncture points to regain their sensitivity .
The course of treatment is decided after assessing each individual 's requirements so that he receives the maximum benefit .
I normally treat a patient daily , until he starts to improve .
The patient is asked to return to reassessment four to six weeks after completion of treatment .
Acupuncture treats the whole person and all his ailments are attended to .
The patient should not disheartened if he finds that some of his problems take longer to respond than others .
A cure requires a balancing of the energy flow that maybe a slow process .
The needles maybe inserted for a few seconds and taken out immediately .
Chinese acupuncturists even leave the acupuncture needles until they fall out .
These include electrical stimulation , electric conducting pads are placed over the skin and a low frequency electric current is passed through .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Apple also overhauled its line of Mac computers .
This was the first developer conference that Apple has held since the death of its co-founder and former chief executive , Steven P. Jobs , last October .
But it made the boldest changes in its computer line to its high-end laptop computer , the MacBook Pro .
The new mapping system for Apple 's mobile devices will provide drivers with turn-by-turn directions , a feature that has long been available free in smartphones running the competing Android operating system from Google .
Since the introduction of the iPhone , Apple has relied on Google 's data to drive its maps software .
Its abandonment of Google Maps underscores the heightening tension between the two companies .
It is also using map data from Tom Tom , a Dutch manufacturer of navigation systems .
Apple can use the leverage of its millions of customers to help it catch up .
" That should give them tens of millions of iPhones that are going to act as traffic probes in the field , " said Ross Rubin , an analyst with the NPD Group who attended Apple 's presentation .
While Siri initially worked with a limited set of Internet services — allowing users to , say , search for restaurants through Yelp — it will now let them use voice commands to search for sports statistics , make restaurant reservations using OpenTable and look up showtimes for movies .
General Motors , BMW and Toyota are among the auto manufacturers that have agreed to put such a button in their vehicles .
The Mac operating system Apple first unveiled in February , OS X Mountain Lion , borrows some features from Apple 's mobile products .
The new Mac operating system will be easier to set up with Chinese e-mail services and improve Chinese character recognition , among other advances .
EVBCorpus
Coping With Life Regrets
Published in the journal Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , these findings have implications for both young and old .
" Generally if people compare themselves to those who are worse off , they 're going to feel better , " continues Bauer , now a research associate at the Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre and a clinical psychologist at Cognitive Behavioural Therapy Associates of Toronto .
Physical health affected
" The emotional distress of regrets can trigger biological disregulation of the hormone and immune systems that makes people more vulnerable to develop clinical health problems - whether a cold or other potentially longer-term health problems .
In this study , we showed that downward social comparisons can improve emotional well-being and help prevent health problems , " says senior author Carsten Wrosch , a professor in Concordia 's Department of Psychology and a member of the Centre for Research in Human Development .
Participants were then asked to report how the severity of their own regrets compared to the regrets of other people their age .
" The effectiveness of coping mechanisms depended more on an individual 's perceived ability to change their life regret than on their age , " says Bauer .
About the study :
Partners in research :
Gene therapy " treats " Parkinson 's disease
EVBCorpus
The illness causes uncontrolled shaking , stiffness and slow movement as part of the brain dies .
There is no cure , although drugs and deep brain stimulation have been shown to reduce symptoms .
The researchers created a virus which " infects " cells with a gene to increasing GABA production .
Patients who had gene therapy showed a 23.1% improvement in their motor score , those with sham surgery improved by 12.7% .
He added : " This result should be taken with some caution though , as it constitutes a rather small mean improvement , only 10.4% , in the clinical rating scale motor scores between those patients receiving the gene therapy and the placebo group . "
In 1999 , Jesse Gelsinger died during a trial in the US and there were cases of leukaemia after treatment in France .
" In addition , any new treatment must be shown to be more effective than those currently available for Parkinson 's , which this treatment has not yet been shown to do . "
EVBCorpus
How To Choose The Best Stock Valuation Method
The good news is that this article will attempt to explain the general cases of when to use most of the valuation methods .
Which one should you use ?
Each stock is different , and each industry sector has unique properties that may require varying valuation approaches .
Two Categories of Valuation Models
Valuation methods typically fall into two main categories : absolute and relative valuation models .
Looking at fundamentals simply mean you would only focus on such things as dividends , cash flow and growth rate for a single company , and not worry about any other companies .
Valuation models that fall into this category include the dividend discount model , discounted cash flow model , residual income models and asset-based models .
In contrast to absolute valuation models , relative valuation models operate by comparing the company in question to other similar companies .
Generally , this type of valuation is a lot easier and quicker to do than the absolute valuation methods , which is why many investors and analysts start their analysis with this method .
The dividend discount model ( DDM ) is one of the most basic of the absolute valuation models .
So , the first thing you should check if you want to use this method is if the company actually pays a dividend .
These type of companies are often best suited for this type of valuation method .
This means the firm 's dividend is consistent with its earnings trend which would make it easy to predict for future periods .
In this case the ratio is 0.125 for all six years which is good , and makes this company an ideal candidate for the dividend model .
In this case , move on to check if the company fits the criteria to use the discounted cash flow model .
The DCF model has several variations , but the most commonly used form is the Two-Stage DCF model .
So , the first requirement for using this model is for the company to have predictable free cash flows , and for the free cash flows to be positive .
Based on this requirement alone , you will quickly find that many small high-growth firms and non-mature firms will be excluded due to the large capital expenditures these companies generally face .
In this snapshot , the firm has produced increasing positive operating cash flow , which is good .
So , in order to use the DCF model most effectively , the target company should generally have stable , positive and predictable free cash flows .
The last method we 'll look at is sort of a catch-all method that can be used if you are unable to value the company using any of the other models , or if you simply do n't want to spend the time crunching the numbers .
The reason why it can be used in almost all circumstances is due to the vast number of multiples that can be used , such as the price-to-earnings ( P/E ) , price-to-book ( P/B ) , price-to-sales ( P/S ) , price-to-cash flow ( P/CF ) , and many others .
Secondly , the company should be generating positive earnings because a comparison using a negative P/E multiple would be meaningless .
These are just some of the main criteria investors should look at when choosing which ratio or multiples to use .
The Bottom Line
Often , investors will perform several valuations to create a range of possible values or average all of the valuations into one .
EVBCorpus
When a pet dies
And that can be very difficult .
And because a pet 's death might be their first time losing a loved one , the grieving process can help kids learn how to cope with other losses throughout life .
Try to do so one-on-one in a place where they feel safe and comfortable and not easily distracted .
If you have to euthanize your pet , you may want to explain that :
the pet will die peacefully , without feeling hurt or scared
Many kids want a chance to say goodbye beforehand , and some may be old enough or emotionally mature enough to be there to comfort the pet during the process .
Be brief , and let your child 's questions guide how much information you provide .
It probably wo n't alleviate the sadness about losing the pet , and if the truth does come out , your child will probably be angry that you lied .
Like anyone dealing with a loss , kids usually feel a variety of emotions besides sadness after the death of a pet .
Do n't feel compelled to hide your own sadness about losing a pet .
And it 's comforting to kids to know that they 're not alone in feeling sad .
It can help kids to find special ways to remember a pet .
Write a prayer together or offer thoughts on what the pet meant to each family member .
You could do a project too , like making a scrapbook .
Keep in mind that grieving over the loss of a pet , particularly for a child , is similar to grieving over a person .
You might have to explain that to friends , family members , or others who do n't own pets or do n't understand that .
Perhaps most important , talk about your pet , often and with love .
Date reviewed : November 2009
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Lisa did n't remember seeing Sarah buy it .
" I lifted it . "
Lisa was upset and puzzled .
Who Shoplifts ?
Shoplifters generally fall into two categories :
2 . Amateur or casual shoplifters .
Most shoplifters are in this group .
Many people assume that shoplifters have a mental disorder or that they must really need the items they are stealing in order to survive .
Very few people have kleptomania ( a compulsive urge to steal ) , and many people who steal have enough money to pay for the items .
But there 's no way around the fact that shoplifting is stealing - and in most places there are heavy penalties for it , including being arrested and possibly charged with a crime .
Some people may not realize how serious shoplifting can be .
Lots of teens find out the hard way that stores take shoplifting very seriously .
Peer pressure is one reason why people shoplift .
Some people shoplift to see what they can get away with .
A few people shoplift because they see it as a way of getting back at a store they do n't like or a company whose values they question .
Some stores may add the cost of shoplifting into their prices .
What Happens to Shoplifters ?
Some of the things that can happen to shoplifters are :
- They may face charges for theft .
- People who have been arrested for shoplifting — especially if it 's more than once — may end up with a criminal record .
It can cost the person self-respect or the respect of others .
Helping a Friend Who Shoplifts
Sometimes friends are looking for other people to give them feedback about their choices .
You can state your own point of view without giving your friend a lecture , putting him or her down , or being judgmental .
Simply say what you believe , such as : " I do n't think it 's right to take things without paying . "
Japanese police have begun searching for victims of the March 11 earthquake and tsunami within a 10km zone around the damaged Fukushima nuclear plant .
If you 've shoplifted before , think about how you felt afterward .
Learning from past mistakes is a way to do that .
EVBCorpus
Japan relies on exports for growth but the strong yen is making that more difficult
Japan 's close rivals , Germany and the US , recently reported far superior GDP figures for the same period .
The BBC 's Roland Buerk in Tokyo says Japan remains one of the wealthiest and most prosperous countries in the world , but the trajectory of its economy has been clear for years .
Roland Buerk BBC News , Tokyo
Demand at home has been pretty weak too , and the big reason why is deflation .
Japan recovered from the recession pretty well but there are fears that it could be faltering now .
That will become clearer early in 2011 , when GDP figures for the whole of 2010 become available for each country .
" Short-termism "
They were trying to put a bandage over a deep wound " .
Japan has relied on exports for growth .
The problem is that the yen has been rising , making Japan less competitive abroad .
Prices getting cheaper discourages people from spending in the long term and it discourages people from investing too .
The government and the authorities here are worried .
Japanese shares closed lower after the announcement , with the benchmark Nikkei 225 index falling 0.6 % to 9,196.67 .
Dr Seijiro Takeshita , director of Mizuho International , said Japan 's government had made a mistake in its policy choice .
" Private consumption did n't take off because our economy is still so dependent on external demand or exports .
The problem is that the yen has been rising , making Japan less competitive abroad/RB]ADVP.
We expect confirmation that China will overtake Japan as the world 's second biggest economy in about six months .
In the poorer parts of the country there is evidence of growing investment and infrastructure spending that is making a real difference .
The yen hit a 15-year high against the US dollar last week - adding to worries about the impact on exporters .
Economics Minister Satoshi Arai said that the government needed to work with the Bank of Japan to respond to the rising yen .
Analysts say Japan may have to take action to lower the yen 's value against other major currencies .
Prime Minister Naoto Kan recently said Japan was " at risk of collapse " under its huge debts .
One thing the nation 's next leaders do n't talk about is growth .
Since pocketbook issues decide elections , it 's not surprising that Japanese voters appeared poised to toss out the ruling Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) , only the second time it has lost power in half a century .
Beijing recently launched an official campaign to build a green car industry , a field in which Japan still holds a commanding lead .
The worry grew in July , when top Chinese officials flew to Washington , D.C. , to continue their high-level " strategic dialogue " : " That caused concern , because the Japanese feel that we need to be involved in any conversation about security in the region , " notes Shinzo Kobori of the Institute for International Policy Studies in Tokyo .
It 's all happened fast .
Now , with China still growing at 8 percent a year and Japan shrinking , commentators in Japan have been forced to admit that the switch will likely come even sooner .
There 's a growing , reluctant consensus that Japan will have to find a new role .
They achieved that in the '80s , but they 've never figured out what to do for an encore , " says Columbia professor and Japan expert Gerald Curtis .
The old model - work hard and save to finance exports to the West - is clearly broken .
With Asia emerging as " the center of the global economy , its new growth engine , Japan now has to figure out how to put itself at the center of that center , " says Curtis .
The opposition Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) clearly sees Japan as a regional Asian power , and no longer a nation tied only to the West .
Maintaining Japan 's comfortable standard of living wo n't be possible without growth .
The problem , says MIT Japan expert Richard Samuels , is that it would be a painful " deep dive " for Japan to go the way of Canada , which has an economy more than three times smaller , and smoother relations with the U.S. than Japan has with China .
Japan is still protected by the U.S. nuclear umbrella , now primarily against possible future threats from China .
The DPJ has even proposed French-style child subsidies to boost the country 's birthrate , which would revive some of the economic dynamism Japan has lost as a result of having the world 's most rapidly aging population .
The huge gap in average yearly incomes - $ 34,080 in Japan and $ 2,000 in China - will make it difficult for them to work together as regional leaders , the way Germany and France do .
Japan could do the same .
By 2010 China will account for an amazing 30 percent of global consumption growth , more than the G3 and double that of the U.S .
Growth is imperative , whether the DPJ acknowledges it or not .
But the domestic market is shrinking .
The population peaked in 2004 at 128 million , and is projected to fall to 90 million by 2055 .
This means " there is no viable model for increasing domestic consumption ( to the extent needed ) ," says Kobori .
America is putting 2 percent in , and is now in recovery .
" If we ca n't find that model , we are in trouble . "
Flows could be further increased if Japan would dismantle trade barriers and encourage more export of , for example , expensive luxury agricultural products like its very high-quality rice to Asia 's nouveau riche , while allowing penny-pinching Mrs. Watanabes at home to buy more cheap , mass-produced foods from China .
Ultimately , trade in finished goods will rise , too .
In other ways , Japan is still strikingly Western-oriented .
Closer ties to China require some semblance of trust .
And the two countries recently struck a deal to strengthen Asian currency reserves - putting equal amounts of yen and yuan into the reserve pot , underscoring a joint commitment in Asia .
Peter Petri , a senior fellow at the East-West Center in Honolulu , calls this deal " a very important event " that says " we 're in this together , and even though the future is that China will be the dominant economy , Japan has a lot to contribute , too . "
Japanese aid to ASEAN countries is growing , too .
To become " the center of the center of global growth ," as Curtis puts it , would make Japan more central to global diplomacy and politics .
But Japan has always been a one-dimensional economic power and , to regain global clout , it needs a return to real world-leading growth .
By PATRICK BARTA and VU TRONG KHANH
But as evidence mounts that the worst stage of the downturn is ending , many economists are advising governments to start curtailing credit lest some sectors overheat and trigger inflation problems in 2010 or beyond .
On Wednesday , State Bank of Vietnam Governor Nguyen Van Giau appeared to confirm those fears by saying the central bank wants local credit institutions to tighten lending to real estate and stock investors , as well as to consumers .
Since the start of the global economic crisis , Vietnamese state banks have poured at least $ 19 billion in loans into the economy , equivalent to about one-fifth of the country 's annual gross domestic product , as part of a broader stimulus program aimed at expanding credit for state enterprises and exporters .
Vietnam 's benchmark stock index is up more than 70 % since March .
Either way , the pressure to wind down some stimulus packages across Asia is growing .
In a report released Wednesday , HSBC economists warned that " money 's too loose in Asia " and raised the specter of new asset bubbles , especially in real estate .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Breast milk analysis may enable the early detection of breast cancer
Analyzing the epithelial cells may in future make it possible to assess an individual mother 's risk , researchers believe .
Other methods of obtaining breast cells to assess cancer risk in women of all ages exist , but techniques such as ductal lavage and nipple aspiration are invasive and yield very few cells , only tens or hundreds rather than the millions available from collecting breast milk .
However , methylation is reversible , so early detection increases treatment options .
But to find these methylation differences between biopsied and non-biopsied breasts when we only looked at three genes is very interesting and encouraging .
It clearly suggests that looking at a larger panel of genes would allow us to assess risk much more accurately , which leads to earlier detection of changes .
More studies are needed to expand the number of genes , and longterm studies are now underway with about 80 % of the original participants enrolled in longterm follow-up .
" We 'll take a little sample of colostrums , and with a totally noninvasive and accurate assay , be able to tell her how her breasts are doing . "
Source : University of Massachusetts Amherst
EVBCorpus
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The singer , who lived in Thame , died from kidney failure last month after suffering from cancer and pneumonia .
" Very genuine man "
" But I enjoyed meeting him .
The carriage will leave from Priests End and travel along the High Street to the town hall .
It will then return through the High Street to St Mary 's Church where a private family service will be held .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
2.6 Million Babies Stillborn Worldwide
This first comprehensive set of estimates appears as part of a series of articles on stillbirths published in the British medical journal , The Lancet .
But , WHO notes , high-income countries are not immune .
The data show about two-thirds or 1.8 million stillbirths occur in just 10 countries .
Catherine d'Arcangues of WHO 's Department of Reproductive Health and Research says the causes are many .
There are causes due to infections in pregnancy , " she said .
D'Arcangues notes almost half of all stillbirths happen when the woman is in labor .
They are not held or dressed by the mother .
" A large proportion of them are marginalized and there is significant stigma associated to having a stillbirth .
These include comprehensive emergency obstetric care , detection and treatment of syphilis , malaria prevention , detection and management of fetal growth restriction , of hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
They range from common infections like croup to mysterious ailments like Kawasaki disease .
RSV stands for respiratory syncytial virus , and it 's the top cause of bronchiolitis ( inflammation of the small airways ) and pneumonia in U.S. infants .
RSV tends to be milder in older kids and adults .
This traps fluid inside the middle ear , behind the eardrum , allowing germs to breed .
Most ear infections are due to viruses and go away on their own .
Glue Ear
The medical term for glue ear is otitis media with effusion or OME , and it often follows an acute ear infection .
The fluid usually clears up on its own .
Croup
If breathing becomes severely impaired , hospital treatment may be needed .
Hand-Foot-and-Mouth Disease
Most cases are not serious and last a week to 10 days .
Consult your pediatrician to determine whether your child needs treatment .
A rash may also appear on the torso , arms , or legs .
Rotavirus
The main symptoms are vomiting and watery diarrhea , which can make babies become dehydrated very quickly .
The symptoms include a high fever , patchy rash , swelling and redness of the hands and feet , bloodshot eyes , and chapped , red lips .
Chickenpox is now preventable through the varicella vaccine .
Measles
But the CDC has reported outbreaks among unvaccinated children .
Mumps
Despite high vaccination rates , recent outbreaks have infected thousands of people in the U.S .
The symptoms are a low fever and rash that spreads from the face to the rest of the body .
The infection is most severe in infants and may require hospital treatment .
Adults may need a booster shot .
Young children may have flu-like symptoms .
Strep Throat
Most kids get a sore throat now and then , usually due to a cold virus .
Sneezing or a runny nose point to a cold .
Sometimes a rough , red rash accompanies strep throat .
That 's why scarlet fever was once a dreaded childhood illness .
Reye 's syndrome is the reason .
MRSA Infection
MRSA ear , nose , and throat infections are also on the rise in elementary school children .
Touching the fluid can spread the infection to other parts of the body or other people .
Ringworm
The fungus spreads easily from child to child , so sharing combs , brushes , towels , and clothes should be avoided .
The hallmark of Lyme disease is a target-shaped rash that appears 1-2 weeks after a tick bite , though not everyone will develop the distinctive rash .
Flu
While most children get better on their own , the flu can lead to serious complications like pneumonia , especially in younger children .
Seasonal allergies , sometimes called hay fever , are not an infection , but a reaction to microscopic particles like pollen .
Stem Cells of Schizophrenics Could Shed Light on Causes of Mental Illness
Scientists say a new method for recreating the brain cells of patients with schizophrenia could shed new light on the cause of the disabling mental disorder , which is marked by paranoid delusions and auditory hallucinations .
Chen says scientists used molecular biology techniques to reprogram the skin cells of schizophrenic patients to become stem cells .
These unspecialized master cells can be coaxed with growth factors and other chemicals to become any type of cell in the body .
Chen used electrophysiology techniques to test the function of the stem cell-derived neurons .
" In the circuit level , when we look at a massive number of neurons , then the neuronal connectivity is indeed decreased " .
There are anti-psychotic medications to treat the condition , but they are frequently ineffective .
" We think understanding that it maybe is not an individual neuronal problem but rather a circuit level problem will help us to thinking about what kinds of strategy to take to combat this kind of disease , " he said .
Microsoft details how to port iPhone apps to Windows Mobile
IDG News Service - Microsoft has published a case study detailing how to port an iPhone application to its Windows Mobile platform as it prepares to launch an online store for mobile applications to compete with Apple .
The report was created by a third-party consulting group , Crimson Consulting , and is meant to be a helpful document for developers as they build Windows Mobile applications for Microsoft Marketplace Windows 's .
In a way that will provide a good learning experience for Windows Mobile developers .
Last week Microsoft began accepting submissions of mobile-phone software applications for the site from registered developers in 29 countries .
Apple already has a thriving marketplace for developers that build iPhone applications .
In fact , while Microsoft and most other tech companies continue to report declines across their business .
Analysts agree that Microsoft needs more than an online store to boost its mobile business .
EVBCorpus
The bumpy , marathon mating dance between Microsoft and Yahoo finally concluded on Wednesday , when the two companies announced a partnership in Internet search and advertising to take on the industry powerhouse Google .
Even with the deal , the Microsoft-Yahoo search operation will be dwarfed by Google - with a 28 percent market share in the United States , versus 65 percent - and will face an uphill struggle to try to wean people away from Google 's simple white search page .
You ca n't just buy that . "
Under the pact , Microsoft will provide the underlying search technology on Yahoo 's popular Web sites .
For Yahoo , the move furthers the strategy under Ms. Bartz to focus the company on its strengths as a publisher of Web media sites in areas like finance and sports , as a marketer and leader in online display advertising .
"Our vision is to be the center of people 's lives online . "
Yahoo will receive a lucrative 88 percent of the search-generated ad revenue from its own sites for the first five years of the deal , much higher than is standard in the industry .
The talks included discussion of a large upfront payment from Microsoft .
She said in a conference call Wednesday .
Shares of Microsoft rose slightly .
" It certainly feels like Yahoo is giving away their strong and hard-fought share of the search market for really a modest price . "
If the deal is completed next year as planned , and after the partnership is fully in place in three years , Yahoo estimates that its operating income will increase by $ 500 million a year , based on the anticipated higher search traffic and ad revenue , and a substantial drop in its investment in technology development .
The crucial issue for the partnership , analysts say , is its ability to stop and reverse the advance of Google , which has steadily gained in search and search ad share in the last few years while Yahoo and Microsoft have kept on fading .
" Microsoft is buying some market share , but there is no evidence they are going to change the game in any fundamental way , "
Branding was one important consideration in the deal .
Yahoo will still control the look of the search features on its sites and will determine how search technology may be tailored differently for , say , entertainment and finance sites .
And Yahoo will be able to tap into records of searches for its own purposes , like monitoring the online behavior of anonymous users to more efficiently place online display advertisements .
Microsoft and Yahoo said they expected resistance from Google .
That the best way to foster competition and innovation is with a duopoly - with the Microsoft-Yahoo partnership creating a credible rival to Google .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
A former husband of actress Diana Dors , Dawson was 79 .
His son Gary wrote on Facebook on Saturday : " It is with a very heavy heart that I inform you that my father passed away this evening from complications due to esophageal cancer . "
He was an amazing talent , a loving husband , a great dad , and a doting grandfather . "
The couple settled in California but he was devastated when she walked out on him and they divorced in 1967 .
Known for giving the female contestants a kiss , he met his second wife Gretchen when she appeared on the programme with her family in 1981 .
EVBCorpus
Sure , a lot of his answers just regurgitated familiar themes we 've heard from Cook and other Apple executives .
Siri should improve in the near future
Clearly , Apple wants to evolve Siri , and lift its current " beta " status .
We should be able to talk to Siri as if she were an actual assistant .
Yelp and Wolfram Alpha are great wealths of information , but Siri needs even more sources of human intelligence .
I would imagine that Apple will eventually open up Siri to third-party developers , so they could incorporate her voice recognition , dictation , and search features within their own apps .
Apple 's leaving wearables to third parties
So Apple has much more to gain by letting other manufacturers make wearable accessories .
Historically , Apple and Facebook have n't always seen eye-to-eye — a collaboration between Facebook and Apple reportedly failed prior to the release of Apple 's Ping social network , and Facebook has since cozied up with Microsoft on its Windows Phone platform .
I think we can do more with them . "
Cook is still playing coy about the subject , but more than ever before it sounds like Apple is actively exploring the TV space .
Instead , he commented on Apple 's strategy upon entering a new product area : " We would look not just at this area , but other areas , and ask , Can we control the key technology ?
Can Apple control the key technology ?
There should be little doubt that Apple can control the key technology , both on the manufacturing side , and the patents-software side .
Yes .
You 've basically announced that an iTV is all but inevitable .
In a one-year period , Apple reportedly lost two iPhones : an iPhone 4 prototype in the spring of 2010 that made its way onto Gizmodo , and an iPhone 4S prototype that never made it into the public eye .
For a company that likes to keep upcoming product information under lock and key , such mishaps are monumental .
Joking aside , keeping multiple thousands of Foxconn workers from pulling out their own cameras and sending a few shots to the press for a quick buck would be a huge endeavor .
" Will we kill it ?
Unfortunately , it just did n't stick , and Apple 's aware of that .
Nokia 's Linux strategy broadens with upcoming Maemo 5 device
Early plans indicated that the OS would be paired with a device that would include 3G connectivity and an OMAP3 processor .
It appears to be the long-awaited Maemo 5 product .
The new pictures also seem to indicate that the device is a phone , and not just a Web tablet like its predecessors .
A lot of questions about the company 's commitment to its other mobile OS , Symbian .
Symbian is increasingly anachronistic compared to modern smartphone platforms .
As we have recently described , the Symbian Foundation has launched a number of far-reaching initiatives that aim to address the platform 's weaknesses .
Nokia is bringing Qt to S60 and plans to make Qt the foundation of the Maemo user experience in Harmattan , the version that will follow Maemo 5 .
If it ends up being a viable and compelling replacement for Symbian , we could potentially see a transition over time .
In addition to delivering Maemo on Internet Tablets , it 's likely that we will see Nokia pushing Maemo in whatever those products turn out to be , while Symbian remains the standard platform for the company 's more conventional smartphone handset lineup .
Osteoarthritis
Osteoarthritis
Also called " wear other_and tear " arthritis or inflammatory degenerative joint disease , osteoarthritis ( OA ) is depression the progressive breakdown reduced of the joints " natural shock way a absorbers .
Also other_called " wear and tear " arthritis or degenerative joint disease , osteoarthritis ( OA ) is the symptoms progressive breakdown of reduced the joints ' natural way a shock absorbers .
Most people over 60_age was_have Osteoarthritis chronic some degree , but that it also affects people to in their 20s and disease 30s .
You may notice pain or soreness when you some_move certain joints or when you 've been inactive for a prolonged period .
When osteoarthritis affects the hands , some people develop bony enlargements in the fingers , which may or may not cause pain .
Other joints are usually not affected , unless an injury is involved .
Every joint comes with a natural shock absorber in the form of cartilage .
If it deteriorates , bone rubs against bone , causing pain and reducing range of motion .
Gender also plays a role .
But some people have a genetic defect or joint abnormality .
This includes sports that have a high rate of injury and jobs that require repetitive motion , such as bending the knees to install flooring .
Osteoarthritis affects each person differently .
If bony knobs develop in the small joints of the fingers , tasks such as buttoning a shirt can become difficult .
Diagnosing osteoarthritis
In many cases , blood tests are used to rule out other forms of arthritis .
Long-term complications
Bony spurs along the spine ( shown on the right ) can irritate nerves , leading to pain , numb ness , or tingling in some parts of the body .
There is no treatment to stop the erosion of cartilage in the joints , but there are ways to improve joint function .
Supportive devices , such as finger splints or knee braces , can reduce stress on the joints and ease pain .
People with osteoarthritis of the spine may benefit from switching to a firmer mattress and wearing a back brace or neck collar .
When osteoarthritis flares up , many patients find relief with over-the-counter pain and anti-inflammatory medication , such as aspirin , ibuprofen , or acetaminophen .
If pain persists despite the use of pills or creams , your doctor may suggest an injection of steroids or hyaluronans directly into the joint .
Osteoarthritis and weight
Losing weight not only cuts down on pain , but may also reduce long-term joint damage .
Training with light weights can help by strengthening the muscles that surround your joints .
Is surgery for you ?
The knee and hip are the joints that are replaced most often .
Over the years , extra weight puts stress on the joints and may even alter the normal joint structure .
Take precautions to avoid repetitive motion injuries on the job .
NEC Display intros two new portable digital projectors
NEC Display intros two new portable digital projectors
While they look nearly identical , several key features differ between the NP215 and NP110 .
The NP215 also gets a 1024x768 native resolution compared to the NP110 's 800x600 , but both accept input up to 1600x1200 .
Color correction presets permit images on non-white walls , and the lack of a filter in the design saves some of the usual maintenance work .
Either can print on both sides of a page to save paper , while compatible devices can be charged via the printers ' front-mounted USB port .
Copying and scanning is also performed by the pair of printers , with photos also printable without a connected computer thanks to a built-in memory card reader and the aforementioned USB connection .
Print and copy speeds are rated at 38 pages per minute whether they are in black and white or color .
The gesture gives tested mainboards based on Intel 's P55 chipset support for using two or more GeForce graphics cards in tandem .
Many Intel chipsets to date have focused instead on ATI 's equivalent , CrossFire , though AMD 's ownership of ATI is likely to help drive Intel 's addition of the NVIDIA option .
NVIDIA , however , has accused Intel of deliberately excluding competition in mainboard sales and ' punish ' NVIDIA for producing much faster integrated graphics .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
You may be unaware of the potential health dangers lurking in your abode - from critters in the kitchen to bugs in the bedroom .
v Your kitchen sponge
What to do
Have you been on a trip recently ?
According to the Environmental Protection Agency , bedbugs are on the rise and becoming an increasing health problem .
If you 've done some traveling recently , and especially if you 've noticed any mysterious bug bites , wash everything in your luggage and consider scrubbing your suitcase with a stiff brush before giving it a good vacuuming .
A study by researchers at the University of North Carolina Health Care System found that keyboards were loaded with germs .
Some 21,000 germs per square inch .
- Your shower curtain
What to do
- Your laundry
Researchers at the University of Arizona found that intestinal viruses such as hepatitis A can be easily transferred from underwear to other garments during the washing process .
Not sure if your apartment 's water temperature is hot enough ?
- Your humidifier
Watch out for the humidifier , say germ experts.
If you like sleeping with a humidifier in your room , be sure to clean it often n-at least a few times a week - by mixing a solution of one-part bleach to 19 parts water ( for most humidifiers , this would equal about a half or full cup of bleach ) and letting it sit for a few minutes before rinsing well .
Those germs are all on your doorknob right now .
Have a copper doorknob ?
Scientists believe that many germs , including MRSA , may not be able to survive on copper .
These unassuming little items get touched in all parts of the meal-prep process .
What to do
" Best to wipe them with an EPA-registered disinfectant " .
The Web App War Begins
Like two gargantuan monsters locked in battle over a fake Tokyo cityscape , Microsoft and Google are officially trying to beat out of each other .
Someone say it started with Microsoft Bing , the surprisingly good and fast-growing search engine .
Still , the announcement is enough for many including Microsoft to take notice .
I 'm using the application one to write this column .
I 'm using the last one to write this column .
Many new PCs come with a trial version of Office but I bet most consumers opt to use the free version of Microsoft Works after that .
For the first time , you will n't need any Microsoft app - Word , Write , or Works-to edit a DOC file .
With the Google Docs word processor , it can n't help but notice the spare , very Microsoft Write-like interface .
It covers the basics , and does them well .
If you 're familiar with the 80_20 rule , you know that 80 percent of the people use 20 percent the features of any major app .
If you look at any of Google apps , you 'll likely agree that they do n't near 50 percent of the functionality found in the Office Suite apps .
For example , I just tried to spell-check this article in Google Docs .
Instead , I have to click each word and select the proper spelling .
Google and other online app providers , like Zoho , prove that this can be done - and done well .
On the other hand , I fully expect Google can counter-punch with its own major announcement .
I have no idea what it will be , but if you 've ever watched a Godzilla movie , you've know Megalon is always good for at least one round or two .
EVBCorpus
Security Key Concern in Cloud Computing
The other major were integrating cloud-based applications with existing systems the ability bring systems back in - house and regulatory compliance concerns .
For example , a survey of 500 IT professionals from around the world conducted by IT consultancy Avanade found that , by a 5-1 ratio , respondents trusted in-house systems to those in the cloud because of security and loss-of-control issues .
Unisys initially created Stealth several years ago for government agencies looking to secure their data and now is aiming that technology private public and hybrid clouds .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Today we visit one of America 's great national parks .
Death Valley is a land of beautiful yet dangerous extremes .
Death Valley can be dangerously cold during the winter months .
The sun can heat the ground so that the temperature of the rocks and soil can be as high as seventy-four degrees Celsius .
Death Valley is a good example of the violence of nature .
It contains evidence of several ancient volcanoes that caused huge explosions .
This movement has created unusual and beautiful rock formations .
Other areas of rock look as if some huge creature violently broke and twisted the Earth to create unusual , sometimes frightening shapes .
Much of the Valley is flat and extremely dry .
Nothing grows in this salted ground .
The Valley is fully of life .
So do mammals and reptiles .
Other animals include the desert jackrabbit , the desert tortoise and a large reptile called a chuckwalla .
Many kinds of snakes live in the Valley , including one called the sidewinder rattlesnake .
Death Valley is part of the Great Mojave Desert .
That was the year after gold was discovered in California .
They made bad choices or wrong decisions .
By December they had reached Death Valley .
Slowly , they began to suffer from a lack of food .
As they left , one woman looked back and said , " Good-bye , death valley . "
Almost everyone who visits Death Valley visits a huge house called Scotty 's Castle .
The main building is very large .
The castle is named for Walter Scott , called Scotty by his friends .
He told everyone that he built this house with money he made from his gold mine .
Many people believed him .
But it was not really the truth .
One of the men he asked to invest was a businessman from Chicago , Illinois named Albert Johnson .
Many people believe that while they were on this trip , Scotty told Mister Johnson the truth :
Doctors did not believe he would live much longer .
Perhaps it was the good food Scotty cooked .
Soon after , Albert Johnson began building a home on the western edge of Death Valley .
But Scotty did .
Scotty told everyone that Albert Johnson , his friend from Chicago , came to visit sometimes .
Some years before he died , in nineteen forty-eight , Albert Johnson signed documents that said Walter Scott could live in this house until he died .
He is buried on a small hill near the house .
It has since become one of the most popular areas to visit in Death Valley National Park .
Many people come for just a day .
They ride around the park in their bus , visit several places and are back in their Las Vegas hotel by night .
Furnace Creek is the largest area of human activity within Death Valley National Park .
The famous Furnace Creek Inn is a beautiful hotel that was built of stone more than seventy-five years ago .
Hotel guests gather near these large windows in the evening to watch the sun make long shadows on the floor of the Valley and on the far mountains .
Usually , visitors are very quiet when this event takes place .
Most visitors watch this natural beauty and leave with only the memory of sunset at beautiful Death Valley National Park .
Diseases threaten banana crops in Africa
Banana bacterial wilt was first reported in Ethiopia in the late 1960s .
They also leak a yellow liquid .
Experts say by the time a farmer discovers that something is wrong , it is already too late .
Farmers worry that a second disease could also spread to Uganda .
Finally , they stop producing completely .
The institute 's Rachid Hanna says farmers must destroy infected plants , normally by burning them .
He says bunchy top disease and banana bacterial wilt can both affect entire plantations .
Rachid Hanna says strong measures must be taken now to prevent a crisis in the future .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
SAN FRANCISCO - More than a decade ago , Intel ran into an issue trying to deliver what was to be the world 's top-ranked supercomputer : it looked possible that its new Pentium Pro processors at the heart of the system might not arrive in time .
Called ASCI Red and housed at Sandia National Laboratories , it was designed to be the first supercomputer to cross the threshold of a trillion math calculations per second .
The division had enough independence that Intel could have used another company 's chips , but doubtless eyebrows would have been raised had a rival processor design showed up in such a high-profile machine that ultimately used more than 9,000 processors .
He prevailed .
ASCI Red , developed for the Energy Department 's Accelerated Strategic Computing Initiative to simulate nuclear weapons physics in a computer rather than with real-world tests .
And though he 's comfortable with nitty-gritty chip details , he said customers these days are gravitating toward higher-level discussions .
Instead , he said , customers are asking , " How does this fit into my virtual environment ?
Thus , Dell is leading a lot of marketing with virtualization , which lets a single physical computer house many independent operating systems called virtual machines .
In Dell 's analysis , using virtual machines saved $ 60 million in capital equipment expenses , he said .
The downside is you crank 'em out , so you have this proliferation of resources , and virtual machines don't come with handy tracking technology .
There 's no asset tag .
Hardware still matters
One he 's most excited about is solid-state drives , which use flash memory rather than the spinning platters of conventional hard drives .
But Prince is more interested in a technology that bypasses that older hard drive technology in favor of a more direct connection over a computer 's PCI Express subsystem .
Companies including Fusion-io and Texas Memory Systems supply the technology , and Prince is among those in the server realm who like the idea .
Prince also predicted the eventual triumph of Ethernet over more special-purpose high-speed network fabrics , Fibre Channel and InfiniBand .
EVBCorpus
Document management and technology giant Xerox Corporation announced a computer language that allows translates detailed human descriptions of color - such as " brilliant yellow " - into mathematical algorithms that tell a computer how to edit that specific hue .
Xerox said unlike current color printers and applications that use wheel or slide color editors offering limited changes to brightness or contrast across the entire image , Xerox 's technology can alter the color in specific areas of the image without affecting the rest of the document .
The company also announced plans to expand Natural Language Color technology to more printers , multifunction systems , and other Xerox workflows in the future .
Braun 's team of color scientists , engineers , and work-practice specialists studied focus groups to learn how people describe and distinguish between different colors as well as different shades .
Xerox has provided a video of Braun demonstrating how to change colors in an image using Natural Language Color , as well as an online demo the technology translates detailed human descriptions of color into the mathematical algorithms that computers and printers understand .
In the demo , users can change color in specific areas of a photograph without needing to use editing software .
Google Chrome OS : 10 Major Issues Blocking Its Large-Scale Adoption
NEWS ANALYSIS : Google 's Chrome OS has yet to strongly establish itself with significant share of the OS market since it was officially launched a year ago .
Google 's Chrome operating system came on the scene last year with hopes of becoming something special in the marketplace .
Quite the contrary , the platform has been largely ignored by both consumers and enterprise users .
However , even with the up dates , Chrome OS and Chromebooks are falling short .
Easily the biggest issue standing in the way of Chrome OS adoption is that the majority of consumers today just do n't even know about it .
Until Google can bring the platform to everyone , it wo n't succeed .
However , it 's important to point out that Chrome OS has been around since last year .
The only issue is , they 've done little to help Google promote the platform and increase its sales .
That 's not helpful - and it 's something Google will need to address .
So are the rest of today 's consumers .
If any vendor wants to jump into the mobile-computing space nowadays , they 'll need to be able to answer a very difficult question , " what makes my product better than a tablet ? "
6 . Ultrabooks are all the rage
Chromebooks meanwhile are fated to gather dust on store shelves .
It makes the iPhone the top smartphone in the world .
What Google did n't anticipate , however , is the reality that today 's consumers are n't willing to wait indefinitely for a platform to be market ready .
9 . The enterprise does n't care
They have n't .
Unfortunately for Google , it has failed to appeal to younger people - and Chrome OS and Chromebooks have suffered because of it .
EVBCorpus
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The Oak Ridge and Fermi announcements were made at Nvidia 's GPU Technology developer 's conference , which kicked off Wednesday in San Jose , Calif .
In the future , the chip will also find its way into Nvidia 's GeForce product line for PCs .
Fermi GPUs would enable " substantial scientific breakthroughs " that would be impossible without the new technology , said Jeff Nichols , Oak Ridge 's associate lab director for Computing and Computational Sciences .
Exascale computing proposes to go beyond petaflop performance ( a thousand trillion ) to one million trillion calculations per second .
The ATI Radeon HD 5870 has received consistently positive reviews , beating comparable Nvidia chips and , most importantly , it is available now .
Quoted in a Wednesday JkOnTheRun report , NVIDIA GM of Mobile Business Mike Rayfield said his company is working closely with Google in developing such a product .
NVIDIA also sees its platform replacing netbooks running on Intel 's Atom processor , as it consumes less energy while providing the same or better performance .
EVBCorpus
Peter Thiel became a Facebook investor in 2004 , when Mark Zuckerberg first set out to turn his dorm room project into a lasting business .
Facebook 's lockup rules required some early shareholders , including Thiel , to hold on to their remaining stock for a certain period .
Peter Thiel took advantage .
The stock sales , made at per-share prices that ranged from $ 19.27 to $ 20.69 , took Thiel 's total Facebook cash-out to just over $ 1 billion .
The stock sales represent a near-exit for Thiel , who has now liquidated almost all of his Facebook holdings .
He did n't sell because of Facebook 's slumping stock price , though : The regulatory form revealed that Thiel locked the sale plans in place on May 18 , the day of Facebook 's IPO .
Facebook is Thiel 's second big Silicon Valley windfall .
He has gone on to become an active investor in and adviser to scores of other startups .
But the change could be a good thing if it encourages a reasonable amount of parent involvement .
What 's most disturbing is that in many cases , parents have helped their kids circumvent the rules .
Savvy parents would give their children as much privacy as possible even if wincing sometimes at what they saw .
Despite what some adults might think or read , teens , at least by their own account , are pretty responsible when it comes to social networking .
Kids on Facebook ?
" Teens average five sources from which they receive advice about online safety and responsibility , " she said .
Several years ago , while attending a communications course , I experienced a most unusual process .
As people read their lists , mine grew longer .
After three weeks , I had 101 items on my list .
I was seriously wondering how this could ever improve my communications , having visions of alienating just about everyone from my life .
There was a sheriff in Brown that none of us kids liked .
The next day , the town arose to see our glorious sign .
" Nearly 20 years later , Sheriff Brown 's name appears on my list .
I dialed his number .
I said : " Sheriff Brown ?' .
His closing words were :
It took me almost two years , but became the springboard and true inspiration for my career as a conflict mediator .
Images of graceful girls in national charming long dress have been a symbol of Vietnam .
It is an age-old dress which is maintained until today .
Ao yem appeared in Vietnamese life in a very old day but until Ly dynasty it was basically in shaped .
In 19 century , ao yem has a square piece is cloth with one corner cut away to fit under the woman 's throat .
Ao yem which has brown color and was weaved by rude cloth was for labor .
The name was " yem deo bua " because it has a small pocket of musk beside and it was an advantage weapon of ancient ladies_furthermore , ao yem made many original love stories .
25 . Improving your motivation for learning English
Imagine you can talk to native speakers just like you talk in your first language .
There are two such articles on Antimoon : Why learn English and English makes you feel good .
Just look at other people who have done it .
Now it 's time for more successes .
You are good , but your English probably is n't perfect .
When you 've learned to speak English well , your problems will be quite small : punctuation , rarely used grammar structures , rare words , understanding " street language " .
Use English whenever you can
The more you use English , the more you will want to use it .
But using English can also improve your general attitude to English and increase your motivation to study it in other ways .
Talk to people about English
If you start talking about a boring subject , you will begin to get interested in it .
If you choose the first option , you will only feel worse .
Suddenly it will become a subject worth talking about — therefore , an interesting subject .
If you 're studying English , you can surprise another person by talking to him/her in English .
Or you can say ( in your first language ) : Hey , I 've learned 50 English words today .
If there are no people near you , you can telephone or send an e-mail message to your friend .
The important thing is this : After talking about English , you will study it with more passion .
These conversations will increase your interest in English , as explained in the previous section .
Ideally , he/she should live near you , or go to the same school as you .
If you spend your money on something , you will want to use it .
The idea is simple : You paid for it , so you will want to use it , and you will improve your English .
To keep learning , you would have to buy something every week !
For example , write an e-mail message with these words .
Remember that learning English requires action
Yes , we know it is very hard to do things , even if they are good for us .
You will be successful only if you change something about your life .
Facebook acknowledged on Tuesday afternoon the presence of an internal glitch that left some members with their accounts inaccessible .
Some comments reached levels of borderline hysteria , along the lines of " My original page has been locked since 10.02.09 due to " site maintenance " .
With Facebook acknowledging the problem as a database issue , that likely rules out a malicious activity like the one this summer that saw parts of the site temporarily crippled by a denial-of-service attack .
Microsoft mulling 128-bit versions of Windows 8 , Windows 9
We have n't posted anything about any of them yet , but we 've been watching closely to see if anything really interesting turned up .
Research Development projects including 128bit architecture compatibility with the Windows 8 kernel and Windows 9 project plan .
When we saw this , we leaned back and waited to see if they could get a response from him .
This news is interesting because we always thought Windows 7 would be the last release that had 32-bit and 64-bit versions .
While this little tidbit is news on its own , we feel it 's necessary to look at what we 've heard about Windows 8 so far .
In April 2009 , Codename Windows spotted a Microsoft job posting for a Lead Software Development Engineer in Test with this interesting description :
We have shipped the technology that powers file sharing in Windows Live Messenger , Windows Meeting Spaces ( Vista ) and Branch Office replication in Windows Server 2008 which has strong customer deployment .
The core engine is also being reworked to provide dramatic performance improvements .
That same month , ZDNet found another job posting that also described some interesting details :
As the team moved to Windows 8 , you will have 2 main responsibilities - put on the customer_design critique hat as we plan our next version file server management experience participating in the architectural design , and development and driving automated testing for managing the next generation file server .
Using C and C++ programming languages in SourceInsight , developed a 100% functional C wrapper for C++ functions and the Hibernate Resume Integration API , which will be used in Windows 8 replacing Windows Vista 's Xpress compression engine .
Wrote a summary white paper and presented the results of the working group to the executive team .
The following descriptions on LinkedIn pages were also found by msftkitchen but have since been removed :
Integrate well into standards organizations such as the FCIA , T10 , SNIA , and T13 .
Working Group - For Win 8 download experience , researched security user mental models to inform design .
What do you want to see in Windows 7 's and Windows Server 2008 R2 's successors ?
10 Reasons Why Reliable Windows 7 Security Is Crucial to Users .
But reliable security is especially important to restore trust in the Windows ecosystem .
There are several factors at play .
If not , it could be a loser .
Here 's why :
Windows 7 cannot afford to be insecure .
Those that learn that Windows 7 is insecure or vulnerable to viruses and malware will find alternatives for fear of losing their data .
3 . What about market share ?
4 . Microsoft 's loss of power
But after the downgrade-rights fiasco allowed users to get Windows XP bundled in computers rather than Windows Vista , those vendors regained some power .
The company 's " I'm a Mac , I'm a PC " ads have been so successful because they highlight Windows 's security problems when it comes to malware and viruses .
Microsoft has done a relatively good job over the past couple years at rebuilding its standing in the security community .
But in recent years , the rhetoric has ramped up and Microsoft has made it clear that it wants to make Windows far more secure and better at data protection and ensuring network security .
As soon as malicious hackers realized that Windows 7 was insecure , they would immediately jump at the chance to prey on users ,while spreading malware .
It does n't want users to think of Windows Vista when they load Windows 7 . They want them to remember the good old days of PC computing .
With not one , but two operating systems not living up to customer expectations , Microsoft would put itself in a bad position .
With two missteps , that might be difficult .
10 . It gives Chrome an opening
If Windows 7 is a security failure , you can bet that Google will take advantage by promoting its new Chrome OS and its security features .
The company does n't have an opportunity to slack on it .
SOI Technology : IBM 's Next Advance In Chip Design
This new IBM success in harnessing SOI technology will result in faster computer chips that also require less power - a key requirement for extending the battery life of small , hand-held devices that will be pervasive in the future .
What is a transistor ?
The switch that is used to turn a light on and off is very big , very slow , and carries a lot of current .
Bipolar chips usually consume more power , are bigger , and are harder to manufacture but were faster than MOS chips until about 5 years ago .
IBM just announced its G5 family of mainframe computers containing MOS transistors that are as fast as the fastest mainframes containing bipolar transistors .
Next generation MOS mainframes will be faster than any bipolar mainframes .
Pure silicon does not conduct electricity .
On the piece of silicon that is on either side of the metal , known as a " gate " area , chemical " impurities " are added to make the silicon conduct electricity .
The " impure " silicon will be " attached " to the two conducting areas on either side of the metal and electricity will flow .
Chips are basically made of thousands to millions of transistors packed into a small piece of silicon .
The number of transistors on a chip , the speed of each transistor , and the delay passing electricity through each transistor and each transistor 's metal interconnect determine how fast the entire chip operates .
There are usually two kinds of memory found in a computer .
It is fair to assume that any leading chip technology under development today will appear in the most advanced computer microprocessors within 1-2 years .
CMOS stands for Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor .
Since then , another kind of MOS switch has been developed .
Almost all microprocessor , memory and support chips use both kinds of MOS switch , and thus are CMOS-based .
As a transistor becomes smaller , it becomes faster and can conduct more electricity .
In that time , a chip 's electrical frequency rate has also increased by more than 50 times , and the number of the transistors on the chip has gone up by a factor of 20 .
As long as we can make the transistor faster and smaller , make the wiring that attaches them less resistive to electrical current and make each chip denser , the digital revolution will continue to accelerate into the 21st century .
And judging from what is in development in the research labs of many companies and universities , the increased performance of chips will continue to fundamentally change the way we live in the future .
But as transistors are made smaller and faster , delays through the wiring also become more frequent , which limits the speed of the transistor .
IV - Silicon on Insulator
The transistors would then be built on top of this thin layer of SOI.
Every structure that can pass electricity through it has capacitance associated with it .
Every time the transistor is turned on , it must first charge all its internal capacitance before it can begin to conduct electricity .
One of the areas that can store charge in a MOS switch is the area between the impurities added to a chip 's silicon and the silicon substrate itself , which is free of impurities .
If a thin layer of an insulator , such as glass , is placed between the impurities and the silicon substrate , the junction capacitance will be eliminated and the MOS transistor will operate faster .
This is why IBM 's announcement is so significant .
The silicon film used for making MOS transistors is perfect crystalline silicon .
This could degrade the MOS switch severely both in terms of speed and leakage through the switch .
Even in cases where the quality of the SOI layer has been fine for making single chips or small circuits , the MOS transistor placed on the SOI layer has continued to pose serious challenges .
Significant effort has been devoted in the last three decades in characterizing , modeling , eliminating or at least reducing , and controlling the unwanted effects caused by the bipolar device .
While much attention has been devoted to perfecting SOI , Bulk Silicon technology has shown consistent advances .
As a leader in the information technology industry , IBM is committed to developing the best technology for use in its products .
IBM has led the development of one-transistor cell memory , quarter-micron CMOS technology and the use of copper to replace aluminum in producing faster , better-performing , lower-power chips .
As part of that pioneering work , IBM first developed the " bonded " method of making SOI films .
After five years of significant progress on SOI material , device , characterization , and some early circuit work , the decision was made to move the SOI technology development to a " manufacturing-like " development line at the Advanced Silicon Technology Center ( ASTC ) in East Fishkill , New York .
Today , SOI technology continues to go through the same qualification process as Bulk CMOS technology , with the same rigorous attention to detail that is part of all technology development at IBM 's Microelectronic Division .
Secondly , designers will use whatever performance is given to them by the developers of a technology .
This work has convinced many skeptics that after three decades SOI is real technology that can be used to design the next generation of chips at profitable levels and achieve a two year performance gain over conventional bulk silicon technology .
In this method , oxygen is implanted in very heavy doses and the wafer is annealed at a high temperature until a thin layer of SOI film is formed .
Once the SOI film is made , putting the transistor on the SOI film is straightforward .
Additionally , when designing the SOI chip , IBM put significant effort to minimize the effect of the bipolar transistor in parallel with the MOS transistor .
VII - Benefits of SOI
On Moore 's chart , SOI will cause a jump in the performance road-map , and will compensate for some of the expected loss of bulk technology performance improvement in the next few years .
Low Power : Although this paper focuses on SOI performance issues , SOI has excellent capability as a low power technology .
For example , the 486 chip of several years ago consumed less than five Watts , while a Pentium consumes about 10 Watts , and a 400-MHz Pentium II has peak power consumption of about 28 Watts .
The ability of SOI as a low power source originates from the fact that SOI circuits can operate at low voltage with the same performance as a bulk technology at high voltage .
At the same performance as bulk CMOS , SOI can reduce the chip power by 1.7-3X ( depending on the switching factor of the devices ) .
As chips are getting smaller and the voltages are dropped , soft error rate is slowly becoming a major concern in server and mainframe chips .
VIII - Summary
SOI technology also brings power use advantages of 1.7-3 times .
EVBCorpus
In addition , the top 1 percent of broadband subscribers worldwide generate 10 percent of the traffic .
The information comes from more than 20 service providers worldwide , and feeds into what Cisco officials say they are seeing in this industry , in particular that the growth in visual traffic will be rapid and dramatic .
Among the findings were that worldwide , the average broadband connection - mostly residential subscribers , though some business users were mixed in generates about 11.4GB of Internet traffic per month , which roughly translates to downloading 3,000 text e-mails , 100 MP3 music files or text-only e-books per day .
" Its percentage ( now at 38 percent ) is going down because so many of the other services , such as visual networking services that are video-based ( and ) communications-based , are really growing at a much faster rate , " Webster said .
Other results from the survey include that the top 1 percent of global subscribers are generating more than 20 percent of all the traffic , and the top 10 percent of global subscribers generate more than 60 percent of the traffic .
EVBCorpus
The LA Galaxy footballer , 37 , was in pole position with a fortune of £160m , according to the annual Sunday Times sport rich list .
Tennis player Maria Sharapova was the richest female athlete , with earnings boosted by lucrative endorsement deals .
No current British or Irish athletics competitor - that is , a cyclist , track and field athlete or swimmer - made the top 100 in the year of the London Olympics .
EVBCorpus
One teraflop is one trillion flops ( floating point operations per second ) , a measure of computing speed .
The c1060 is a dual-slot PCI card with no graphics ports on the back .
The ESC 1000 has a 500GB SATA II hard drive on board and its power supply is rated for 1100 watts .
These supercomputers are ready to ship , he said .
EVBCorpus
The Mozilla wiki page on version 3.6 , code-named Namoroka , listed early September for the scheduled release of the first beta , but it actually arrived October 30 .
" We 're not going to coast into it , " he said .
Mozilla , though , recognizes that time matters even for an open-source project .
Camera megapixels : Why more is n't always better ( Part 2 )
EVBCorpus
What about Nokia 's 41-megapixel PureView ?
Juha Alakarhu ( pronounce his first name YOO-hah ) , is Head of Camera Technologies at Nokia , where he works within the Smart Devices team .
In the 808 PureView , Nokia uses a process called " oversampling , " .
The technology in PureView has been five years in the making , Nokia 's Alakarhu said .
Image processing
It , being hardware-accelerated and not just software-dependent , can quickly render images like photos , videos , and games without overtaxing the main application processor .
The separate processor also explains how HTC can claim those shot-to-shot times on both the global HTC One X that runs on Nvidia 's Tegra 3 processor and the U.S. version that runs on Qualcomm 's Snapdagon S4 processor .
Higher quality components , for example , can help tease out better photos , but they could also cost more , which could lead to a marginally pricier camera .
Despite the intense engineering focus that goes into the camera 's physical elements , both Nokia 's Juha Alakarhu and Samsung 's Drew Blackard , senior manager of product planning , stress the importance of the customer 's experience -- how easy is it to open the camera from a locked position , how fast do photos capture , how desired are the special effects and shooting modes ?
Just look at Instagram 's runaway success in sharing simple , small photos .
While trekking with 22 pounds of gear on his back -- including a high-quality DSLR - Alakarhu repeatedly reached for the Nokia 808 PureView he kept in his pocket .
Although he considers himself an amateur photographer , Alakarhu said he found himself using the PureView more because of its easy availability and quick start time when he did n't want to take the time to set up a more involved shot on his digital camera .
I have my share of similar stories , and I suspect that you do , too .
After 5 years , Firefox faces new challenges
Five years ago , Mozilla made it clear that the browser wars weren't over after all .
The project , originally named Phoenix to symbolize rebirth from Netscape 's ashes , has now clawed its way back to account for nearly a quarter of the browser usage today .
Then , he was a young programmer whose work with Linux gave him open-source inclinations .
He jumped into thorny issues of making a large commercial project into an open , cooperatively developed project : licensing , trademarks , patch reviews , schedules , governance .
Microsoft helped out in its own way by letting Internet Explorer languish and become a preferred channel for computer attacks , but Firefox features such as speed , a tabbed interface , the ability to accept add-on customizations , and pop-up ad blocking helped .
Our initial growth was more than we 'd ever hoped for , " Shaver said .
Even Microsoft is getting involved in Web standards and is building a Web-based version of Microsoft Office .
In Shaver 's view , Mozilla has gone through two trials by fire .
Between that and Mozilla 1.0 , we were opens-source 's greatest failure .
" It was a touch-and-go period . "
" It was not until Firefox 2 , " which arrived in October 2006 .
But there were meanly challenges for programmers , and Microsoft 's complacency left opportunities .
And Mozilla 's effort to support Web standards lowered the difficulties for others to introduce browsers .
The seeds for Mozilla 's financial success measured on the basis of an open-source project if not , say , Microsoft were sown in Firefox .
Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin took a personal hand in boosting Mozilla , Shaver said .
They had a lot of stuff to take care of , but for a long time they were Google 's reps to us . "
" It was always very independent from the revenue relationship , " and Google to its credit didn't use its search-engine to exert pressure on this browser 's development direction .
It employed some of Firefox 's values--performance , security , open source .
" It was a little disruptive , " Shaver said , mostly in that Mozilla had to answer numerous questions about how Chrome would affect its future .
Ahead is an aggressive roadmap for Firefox 3.6 , 3.7 , and 4.0.
" Google gets the Web on another level than Microsoft does .
They wanted their own channel to control . "
" distribution comes from people going to our Website and downloading it .
At that scale , there 's a real mainstream reach .
EVBCorpus
In addition to the new capacity , this disks have a Turbo USB 2.0 interface that is said to be 25 percent faster than the traditional spec .
This includes the Pro Drive , its dual-drive equivalent .
The new 2TB Hitachi Hard Drive Kit is priced at $ 250 .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
SGI intros Nehalem-based Altix UV supercomputers
The UV 1000 systems ship with up to 256 sockets and 16TB of shared memory in four racks , reaching up to 18.6 teraflops of performance .
The mid-range UV100 integrates up to 96 sockets and 6TB of shared memory for up to 7.0 teraflops performance , while these device fits into a standard 19-inch rackmount 3U .
NEC intros pocket WiMAX router with Wi-Fi
On the short-range network , traffic is locked down with up to 128-bit encryption and allows for both WEP and WPA .
The Aterm WM3300R supports Windows 7 , Vista and XP SP2 or later .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Chrome OS had the look and feel of the Chrome Web browser , which has 40 million regular users .
Those machines take several seconds to boot up , or even minutes if they are older models , because they go through a number of data-checking procedures .
But unlike Windows or Mac , which invite users to download apps to their desktop , Chrome OS leverages the Internet as the platform in a model called cloud computing .
Google 's Chrome Web browser runs top Chrome OS , providing the gateway through users will access Web applications .
This idea is to get third-party developers designing applications to run on Chrome OS.
Chrome OS had the look and feel of the Chrome Web browser , which has 40 million regular users .
There is also an app menu similar to what users see on Apple iPhone or Android-based smartphones , allowing users to click into apps .
Pichai also showed a YouTube video from the band U2 running in a separate application tab , as well as how users can read books from the Google Books service on Chrome OS.
" The computer should just work . "
EWEEK has more on Chrome OS security here .
LG New Edition Christmas Chocolate gets 8MP camera
Other specs are retained , including the 4-inch , 800x345 resolution display , integrated Wi-Fi and a microSDHC memory card slot .
UniChal e-dictionary scans words on the page
The device can read words on a page and define or translate them with one click .
Memory involves 1GB of built-in storage as well as a microSD card slot for extra memory .
EVBCorpus
Cisco is rethinking its long-term security strategy in light of the consumerization of workplace technology that 's changing work patterns and presenting new security challenges .
" We are baking security into the fabric , " he said .
The language of security needs to change from just protecting IP addresses and ports to using a higher-level policy language that correlates to business rules and definitions , Kennedy said .
It will be available for both virtual and physical products .
The service started with e-mail security data and later added Web threats , firewall and intrusion prevention information .
Cisco currently pushes more than 800,000 rules every day , he said , such as botnet traffic rules for the ASA and network traffic patterns .
TrustSec collects network-intelligence data from Cisco 's Catalyst and Nexus switches .
Cisco envisions third-party providers extending and improving SecureX with additional plug-ins and additional platform integration , Kenney said .
Cisco confirms FlipShare TV wireless streaming device
The package includes a USB key to attach to a computer , while a small box receives the feed on the TV side .
Although the hardware is capable of streaming video to the TV , users will still need separate equipment if they want to transmit other downloaded content or web-based videos .
EVBCorpus
Intel Corp. , the world 's largest maker of semiconductors , late on Friday said that its next-generation integrated graphics platform will support video trans-coding .
According to an Intel 's spokesman , its next-generation code-named Clarkdale central processing unit with integrated graphics core will support video encoding using graphics processing engines via a driver update .
Despite lack of initial support of the feature , which will be added using a driver update , there is a confidence in the forthcoming Intel 's integrated desktop platform .
Arrandale are similar chips aimed at mobile computers .
Both Arrandale and Clarkdale are essentially multi-chip modules featuring one dual-core processor made using 32nm fabrication process and graphics and other system logic core produced at 45nm node .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
VMware sees a work and personal profile running on a phone at the same time , as opposed to giving users a choice of dual-booting into one or the other .
While VMware programmers are still deciding on details such as how to switch between apps or identify phone calls , they have plenty of ideas .
VMWare believes this means that the same issues that apply to PCs , including security concerns and management costs , will therefore soon plague smartphones as well .
VMWare has successfully demonstrated both Android and Windows Mobile working on a last-generation smartphone with 128MB of RAM , though admits 256MB of RAM would be ideal .
The company is also seeking an Australian carrier to partner with on this undertaking .
Microsoft , Intuit Partner for Cloud-Based Apps
Microsoft and Intuit are launching a Windows Azure SDK for Intuit Partner Platform , opening a way for developers to create applications for small and midsize businesses that rely on Intuit 's QuickBooks financial software .
Microsoft and Intuit are planning to integrate the capabilities of their cloud services platforms , giving developers the chance to develop applications for small and midsize businesses that use QuickBooks financial software .
The SDK will be offered to developers for free .
" The Intuit App Center is a huge breakthrough , " Bill Lucchini , vice president and general manager of Intuit 's Platform as a Service Group , said in a Jan. 21 statement .
One of the mainstays of this effort , Windows Azure , consists of three parts : Windows Azure , an operating system as a service ; SQL Azure , a cloud-based relational database ; and .NET
HP Rolls Out New Cloud Software
Telecom service providers also can offer SMBs outsourced communications services .
But there are hurdles that need to be cleared .
HP 's Operations Orchestration brings automated provisioning to services within a business ' existing IT physical , virtual and cloud infrastructures .
The CAAS ( Communications as a Service ) software will enable telecommunications providers to offer high levels of service to small and midsize businesses through a utility model , where the customer pays only for what they use .
HP 's CAAS offering includes an aggregation platform , four integrated communications services from HP and other parties , and the ability to add other services .
Tokyo University develops organic flash memory
Developed by a group headed up by Takeo Someya and Tsuyoshi Sekitani , professor and research associate at the Department of Electrical Engineering and Information Systems , Graduate School of Engineering , the University of Tokyo , the prototype uses a polyethylene naphthalate ( PEN ) resin sheet as a substrate with an array of 26 by 26 2T memory cells placed on it .
The short memory retention can be increased by reducing the size of the element and employing a longer self-assembled monolayer ( SAM ) , which is made of phosphoric acid with an alkyl chain .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Intel is unveiling its next-generation Atom chip plat form , which includes integrated graphics capabilities and an on-board memory controller , changes that Intel says will improve the Atom platform 's performance , size and energy efficiency .
Intel is rolling out a new Atom platform that will include integrated graphics capabilities and memory controller , a move that company officials say will lead to better performance , energy efficiency and new designs of both netbooks and entry-level desktop PCs .
The Atom chip , first introduced in June 2008 , as been the key technology driving the netbook market , which has been one of the few segments in the tech industry to perform well during the global recession thanks to the small size and low cost of the systems - and a lone bright spot in the PC space during the past year .
Now the chip - the smallest in Intel 's portfolio - will begin finding its way into entry-level desktops , continuing Intel 's aggressive plans for expanding the platform 's reach .
That not only will the integration help with the improved performance , but it will also mean lower power and a smaller overall size , now that the Atom platform will mean two chips - the CPU and chipset rather than three - the CPU , chip set and I/O controller hub .
Intel also is courting developers to help expand the Atom-based netbook reach .
The new platform includes the Atom N450 processor and NM10 Express chipset for netbooks , and either the D410 or dual-core D510 - also with the NM10 Express chipset for entry-level desktops .
Japan 'must restart " two nuclear reactors , Noda warns
Mr Noda is trying to convince the public that nuclear power is vital .
Measures to ensure the safety of two reactors at western Japan 's Ohi nuclear plant have been undertaken , he said .
The crisis fuelled immense public opposition to nuclear power , but Japan is facing a summer of power shortages .
When the third reactor at the Tomari plant in Hokkaido prefecture was switched off , Japan was left without energy from atomic power for the first time in more than 40 years .
He added that some companies could possibly move production out of Japan , losing vital jobs as a result .
Mr Noda and members of his cabinet could make a formal decision by next week if the governor of Fukui prefecture , where the reactors are located , agrees .
Earlier this week , a third of governing party members of parliament petitioned Mr Noda , urging him to exercise " greater caution " over the issue .
In April , the government set stricter safety guidelines for nuclear plants in a bid to win public confidence for restarts .
Prices rose by 0.2 % from a year earlier , as fuel and energy costs jumped 4.7 % .
Energy costs in Japan have risen after it shut all of its nuclear reactors in wake of last year 's quake and tsunami .
Unlike many other countries in the region , Japan has been hurt by deflation , or falling prices , for best part of the past decade .
Though prices have been rising for the past three months , analysts said that the growth was due to factors that were actually hurting the economy or were not sustainable in the long run .
Panasonic intros 1080p 3D camcorder system
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Both lenses , the camera head , and memory card recorder are all integrated into a single body , with the entire unit weighing less than 3 kg .
Panasonic is currently working on developing production systems designed for producing 3D video on media such as 3D Blu-ray .
" After investigating the cause , we have determined that a back-end system software error had generated abnormal congestion on the network , " T-Mobile said in a statement .
This wireless service provider did not say which software caused this issue .
I 've also asked the carrier what , if any , compensation it plans to give those who were without service .
Hands on with Sony 's new F Series , Z Series VAIO notebooks
Hands on with Sony 's new F Series , Z Series VAIO notebooks
Despite its small size , the Z is available with a choice between Intel 's Core i5 or Core i7 CPUs .
NVIDIA 's 9300M GS graphics components can be switched off to conserve power -- another feature similar to certain high-end MacBooks .
The Core i7-based notebook features a 16.4-inch display with 1920x1080 resolution with the high-end package , while the entry model offers 1600x900 resolution .
The company integrates a numerical keypad into the right side , instead of leaving empty space on both sides .
A hacker group has claimed it has attacked the Sony network and stolen more than one million passwords , email addresses and other information .
That attack was considered the biggest in internet history and led to Sony shutting down the PlayStation Network and other services for almost a month .
Lulz Security claims to be behind one of those attacks : an assault on Sony Music Japan .
" From a single injection , we accessed EVERYTHING, " it said .
" What 's worse is that every bit of data we took was n't encrypted .
Google will quit China unless web censorship ends
Google , the internet search engine , has set itself at odds with the authorities in China by declaring that it will stop censoring search results on its Chinese website .
It does not operate such filters in other major countries .
We recognize that this may well mean having to shut down Google.cn , and potentially our offices in China . "
The Obama administration has leapt to the defence of Google after the internet search giant threatened to pull the plug on its Chinese operations .
Robert Gibbs , Mr Obama 's press secretary , emphasised that the President backed internet freedom and said that Google had co-ordinated with the Obama administration before it had acted .
Mrs Clinton had also met executives from Google and Microsoft , as well as with Cisco Systems , which provides much of China 's internet infrastructure , to discuss how to stop countries from " stifling " access to information , the state department added .
" It is setting us up for a clash , and it 's interesting to see who backs down .
Despite hopes that China would start to relax freedom of speech restrictions after the 2008 Olympics , China has in fact tightened of internet controls , blocking popular as social networkings sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube .
The decision by Google to break ranks from other big corporations doing business in China and openly criticise this country 's autocratic leadership which Google was forced to compromise its core belief in the free-flow of information .
Human rights groups , which have criticised Google 's decision to submit Chinese censorship after setting up in China in 2006 , applauded the company 's stand .
" Through international pressure , finally a big business in the West has come to realise its own conscience , " said the prominent Chinese dissident Wei Jingsheng who lives in exile in the United States after 18 years in prison in China .
EVBCorpus
At birth , infants have protection against certain diseases because antibodies have passed through the placenta from the mother to the unborn child .
But in both cases , the protection is temporary .
Vaccines stimulate the immune system to react as if there were a real infection - it fends off the " infection " and remembers the organism so that it can fight it quickly should it enter the body .
Some vaccines may cause mild reactions , such as soreness where the shot was given or fever , but serious reactions are rare .
The following vaccinations and schedules are recommended by the American Academy of Pediatrics ( AAP ) .
Your doctor will determine the best vaccinations and schedule for your child .
Hepatitis B
Hepatitis B vaccine usually is given as a series of three injections .
If the mother carries the hepatitis B virus in her blood , the infant needs to receive the first shot within 12 hours after birth , along with another shot ( HBIG ) to immediately provide protection against the virus .
For infants who do n't receive the first shot until 1 to 2 months , the second shot is given at 3 to 4 months and the third at 6 to 18 months .
Why the vaccine is recommended
Infants who receive the HBV series should be protected from hepatitis B infection not only throughout their childhood but also into the adult years .
There is a very small chance of an allergic reaction with any vaccine .
- if your child is currently sick , although simple colds or other minor illnesses should not prevent immunization
Caring for your child after immunization
When to call the doctor
- if you have concerns about your own HBV carrier state
The bacterium is a leading cause of serious infections , including pneumonia , blood infections , and bacterial meningitis .
Children under 2 years old , adults over 65 years old , and people with certain medical conditions are most susceptible to serious pneumococcal infections .
The vaccine not only prevents the infection in children who receive it , it also helps stop its spread .
Kids who miss the first dose or may have missed subsequent doses due to vaccine shortage should still receive the vaccine , and your doctor can give you a modified schedule for immunization .
- sickle cell anemia
- a disease that affects the immune system , such as diabetes or cancer
Possible risks
When to delay or avoid immunization
The vaccine may cause mild fever , and soreness and redness in the area where the shot was given .
When to call the doctor
The DTaP vaccine protects against :
- tetanus - a nerve disease , which can occur at any age , caused by toxin-producing bacteria contaminating a wound .
Teens and adults with a persistent cough may not realize they have pertussis , and may pass it to vulnerable infants .
DTaP immunizations are given as a series of five injections and are usually administered at ages 2 months , 4 months , 6 months , 15 to 18 months , and 4 to 6 years .
Then , tetanus and diphtheria boosters are recommended every 10 years .
Use of the DTaP vaccine has virtually eliminated diphtheria and tetanus in childhood and has markedly reduced the number of pertussis cases .
Most of these side effects result from the pertussis component of the vaccine .
When to delay or avoid immunization
* if your child has an uncontrolled seizure disorder or certain neurologic diseases or seems not to be developing normally - the pertussis component of the vaccine may not be given , and your child may receive a DT ( diphtheria and tetanus ) vaccine instead .
- an allergic reaction after receiving the vaccine , such as mouth , throat , or facial swelling
- temperature of 105° Fahrenheit ( 40.5° Celsius ) or higher during the first 2 days after injection
- persistent , uncontrolled crying that lasts for more than 3 hours during the first 2 days after injection
Check with your doctor to see if you can give either medication , and to find out the appropriate dose .
Moving or using the limb that has received the injection often reduces the soreness .
Children who have had certain problems with the DTaP vaccine usually can safely receive the DT vaccine .
- if complications or severe symptoms develop after immunization , including seizures , fever above 105° Fahrenheit ( 40.5° Celsius ) , difficulty breathing or other signs of allergy , shock or collapse , or uncontrolled crying for more than 3 hours
The Hib vaccine is given by injection at ages 2 months , 4 months , and 6 months ( however , some of the Hib vaccines do not require a dose at 6 months ) .
Why the vaccine is recommended
Those immunized have protection against Hib meningitis , pneumonia , pericarditis ( an infection of the membrane covering the heart ) , and infections of the blood , bones , and joints caused by the bacteria .
When to delay or avoid immunization
* if severe allergic reaction occurs after an injection of the Hib vaccine , further Hib immunizations may not be given to your child
Depending on the age of your child , pain and fever may be treated with acetaminophen or ibuprofen .
* if serious adverse reactions appear after the Hib injection
The inactivated poliovirus vaccine is usually given at ages 2 months , 4 months , 6 to 18 months , and 4 to 6 years .
Why the vaccine is recommended
There is a very small chance of an allergic reaction with any vaccine .
Caring for your child after immunization
Depending on the age of your child , pain and fever may be treated with acetaminophen or ibuprofen .
When to call the doctor
Influenza is a highly contagious viral infection of the respiratory tract .
Certain people are at higher risk of complications from the flu .
* people age 65 and older
In the past , there have been times when there were vaccine shortages and delays .
It can take about 2 weeks after the shot is given for the body to build up protection against the flu .
Talk to your doctor about which vaccine is right for your child .
The shot usually becomes available between September and mid-November .
However , later in the flu season , it 's still a good idea to get protection .
A good example of how flu viruses change ( and sometimes develop new strains ) was the outbreak of the H1N1 flu in 2009 .
Usually given as an injection in the upper arm , the flu shot contains killed flu viruses that will not cause someone to get the flu , but will cause the body to make antibodies to fight off a live flu virus if it does enter the body .
A low-grade fever and aches are also possible .
Very rarely , the flu vaccine can cause serious side effects such as a severe allergic reaction .
When to delay or avoid immunization
* anyone who 's severely allergic to eggs and egg products .
* anyone with a severe illness
Check with your doctor to see if you can give either medication , and to find out the appropriate dose .
Moving the limb that has received the injection often reduces the soreness as well .
* if you are n't sure if the vaccine should be postponed or avoided
The MMR vaccine protects against measles , mumps , and rubella .
The first is administered at age 12 to 15 months ; the second generally is given at age 4 to 6 years .
Possible risks
When to delay or avoid immunization
* if your child had a severe allergic reaction to a previous dose of MMR vaccine
* if your child has a medical problem that affects the immune system , such as cancer
* if your child is undergoing chemotherapy or radiation therapy
* if your child has ever had a low platelet count , check with your doctor about immunization
If a rash develops without other symptoms , no treatment is necessary and it should resolve within several days .
When to call the doctor
* if there are problems after the immunization
Immunization schedule
Kids 13 years or older who have not had either chickenpox or the vaccine need two vaccine doses at least 1 month apart .
The varicella vaccine prevents severe illness in almost all children who are immunized .
Possible risks
It may last for several days but will disappear on its own without treatment .
* if your child has an allergy to gelatin or to the antibiotic neomycin
* pregnant women should wait until after delivery for vaccination
Check with your doctor to see if you can give either medication , and find out the appropriate dose .
MCV4
The vaccine is recommended for kids at age 11 or 12 years , at ages 13 to 18 years if not previously vaccinated , and older teens who are entering college and will be living in a dormitory setting , and those entering the military .
When medical problems continue , these kids also need a follow-up booster dose a few years later , depending on the age at which the first dose was given .
Bacterial meningitis , an inflammation of the membrane that protects the brain and spinal cord , is a rare but highly contagious disease that can spread rapidly among kids who are in close quarters .
Severe problems , such as allergic reactions , are rare .
* if your child is currently sick , although simple colds or other minor illnesses should not prevent immunization
Check with your doctor to see if you can give either medication , and to find out the appropriate dose .
* if you aren't sure if the vaccine should be postponed or avoided
Childcare centers are a common site of outbreaks .
Why the vaccine is recommended
Possible risks
* if your child is currently sick , although simple colds or other minor illnesses should not prevent immunization
Pain and fever may be treated with acetaminophen or ibuprofen .
When to call the doctor
* if there are problems after the immunization
Rotavirus
Why the vaccine is recommended
Side effects can include diarrhea , vomiting , in addition to fever .
* let the doctor know if your child has an allergy to latex
* if your child has immune system problems such as cancer ; is taking steroids or other immunosuppressive drugs ; or is undergoing chemotherapy or radiation therapy
If vomiting or diarrhea occur , make sure to give your child frequent amounts of fluid and watch for signs of dehydration , such as less urine than usual .
HPV
Why the vaccine is recommended
Possible risks
Dizziness , fainting , nausea , and vomiting may also occur after the shot .
* if your daughter is currently sick , although simple colds or other minor illnesses should not prevent immunization
* if your daughter has a bleeding disorder ( discuss with hematologist )
Pain and fever may be treated with acetaminophen or ibuprofen .
* if there are problems after the immunization
Types of vaccines
2 . Killed ( inactivated ) viruses or bacteria are used in some vaccines , such as in IPV .
Immunizations for travel
Most immunizations should be given at least 1 month before travel .
Here are some tips to help make the procedure easier for everyone :
Your child can pick up on your concerns .
* Distraction at the moment of the injection is helpful .
* Offer praise after the injection is over .
As uneasy as getting vaccinated may make both you and your child , remember that immunizations are one of the best means of protection against contagious diseases .
2 . How Banks Make Money ?
Deposits
While people will typically maintain accounts for years at a time with a particular bank , the customer reserves the right to withdraw the full amount at any time .
If a bank cannot attract a sufficient level of core deposits , that bank can turn to wholesale sources of funds .
Investors should also note that the higher cost of wholesale funding means that a bank either has to settle for a narrower interest spread , and lower profits , or pursue higher yields from its lending and investing , which usually means taking on greater risk .
While deposits are the primary source of loanable funds for almost every bank , shareholder equity is an important part of a bank 's capital .
This is capital that the bank has raised by selling shares to outside investors .
Banks often issue preferred shares to raise capital .
This gives the bank the right to buy back the shares at a time when the capital position is stronger , and the bank no longer needs such expensive capital .
Equity capital is expensive , therefore , banks generally only issue shares when they need to raise funds for an acquisition , or when they need to repair their capital position , typically after a period of elevated bad loans .
Banks most often use debt to smooth out the ups and downs in their funding needs , and will call upon sources like repurchase agreements or the Federal Home Loan Bank system , to access debt funding on a short term basis .
Seen differently , debt is usually a much smaller percentage of total deposits or loans at most banks and is , accordingly , not a vital source of loanable funds .
Loans
Loans are typically made for fixed terms , at fixed rates and are typically secured with real property ; often the property that the loan is going to be used to purchase .
When considering a loan , banks will often evaluate the income , assets and debt of the prospective borrower , as well as the credit history of the borrower .
Consumer Lending
Mortgages are typically written for 30 year repayment periods and interest rates may be fixed , adjustable , or variable .
It 's no secret for anyone who follows markets closely that Southeast Asia , and in particular China , will be the engine of growth for the 21st century .
Recently , I came across a statistic that confirmed my personal observations from living in Ho Chi Minh City and traveling around Southeast Asia .
This is because Singapore is actively courting new capital in response to the abuse that is being dished out to investors in the West .
For example , Singapore 's central bank , The Monetary Authority of Singapore , is moving to take advantage of the massive flows of gold and silver .
Volumes on the COMEX have fallen dramatically since gold peaked in September at $ 1,926 per ounce .
The trend of investors leaving the dysfunctional New York and London markets to ones where they are treated fairly will accelerate once this change goes into effect .
On an open exchange , people legitimately interested in hedging their bond default risk will welcome this evolution like a man coming in from the desert .
But , naked contracts , trading privately and valued arbitrarily , are a cancer eating away at the heart of Wall Street .
It is written by Peter Pham , a capital market specialist and entrepreneur with expertise in institutional sales and trading .
EVBCorpus
Vitamin D
Most of us know we need vitamin D for strong bones .
The wonder vitamin : Vitamin D
Vitamin D and your bones
In children , vitamin D deficiency once caused many cases of rickets , a bone disease and a major public health problem in the U.S .
Vitamin D for heart and mind
In children , researchers have found more severe asthma when vitamin D levels are low .
The trick is exposing some portion of your skin to direct sunlight for 15 to 30 minutes a few days a week .
Vitamin D where you live
But there 's still a problem .
Some people may need other sources .
Most people with low blood levels of vitamin D do n't notice any symptoms .
- Older age ( 50+ )
The combination of high blood pressure and vitamin D deficiency could be deadly .
The lack of vitamin D was not linked to cardiovascular problems in those without hypertension .
They also had a 73 % greater chance of dying over the next 10 years .
But vitamin D is n't a magic bullet .
But studies have linked low levels of vitamin D to depression among older men and women .
After menopause , most women gain weight until they reach their mid 65s .
In one study , women who were not getting enough of those two nutrients were 11 % less likely to gain weight and more likely to maintain their weight or even lose weight as a result of taking the supplement .
Children with asthma who have low vitamin D levels have more hospitalizations and use more asthma medications .
Even ready-to-eat breakfast cereals can contain a healthy dose .
One 3-ounce portion of cooked salmon can provide nearly 200 % of the recommended daily value of vitamin D .
While milk has been fortified in the United States since the 1930s , the same is not true for all dairy products .
Most Americans already have enough vitamin D in the bloodstream for good bone health .
Most multivitamin tablets contain 400 IU of vitamin D.
Vitamin D is available in supplements in two forms : D2 and D3 .
How much vitamin D do you need ?
The recommended dietary allowance is 600 IU per day for adults up to 70 , and 800 IU for ages 71 or older .
Above 4,000 IU per day , the risk for harm increases , according the Institute of Medicine .
Breast milk provides multiple benefits for babies , but it is not a good source for vitamin D .
Vitamin D for older children
The upper limits are 2,500 IU for ages 1-3 , 3,000 IU for ages 4-8 , and from age 9 , 4,000 IU .
Current guidelines indicate that you 're getting enough vitamin D to keep your bones healthy when your blood level is 20 nanograms per milliliter ( ng_mL ) or higher .
If you take steroids , you should discuss vitamin D with your doctor .
How much is too much ?
The best approach is to check with your health care provider before taking vitamin D supplements .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Researchers were surprised at the findings that are detailed in a report published in the online edition of Proceedings of the National Academy of Science .
However , why should this kind of difference appear in the case of appreciation of beauty ? "
Cela-Conde acknowledged that the explanation of differences in the perception of beauty does not explain why or how the human capacity to appreciate beauty evolved .
During the evaluations by the participants , the researchers used imaging technology called magnetoencephalography to monitor images of magnetic fields produced by electrical currents in their brains .
Although there were differences between people as to what was described as beautiful and what not , the researchers found no identifiable differences related to gender .
He also noted , " It is curious that , using different neural networks , the final result is very similar in women and men .
Microsoft Launches Windows MultiPoint Server 2010
Microsoft Launches Windows MultiPoint Server 2010
This product allows multiple users at multiple thin-client terminals to operate independently in a Windows environment while linked to a single host system .
This operating system , released Feb. 24 , is being aimed at the education segment , and Microsoft said it will make this product available to academic volume licensing customers on March 1 .
Although aimed at educators , MultiPoint Server 2010 could potentially be deployed in other contexts , such as small working groups .
Gartner analyst Bill Rust said in a statement accompanying the Microsoft announcement .
Currently in its community technology preview phase , SQL Server 2008 R2 includes enhancements to help administrators centrally monitor and manage multiple database applications , servers and instances .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Google announced a new feature called Gesture Search , which allows users to search through files on their Google Android smartphones by tracing a letter like " A " or " H " on their screen .
Google has been expanding the number of applications available for its smartphone operating system in a bid to increase its market share in the mobile space .
Google 's own branded phone , the Nexus One , relies on Android 2.1 , and similarly versioned devices from HTC and other manufacturers are expected to enter this ecosystem throughout 2010 .
This application allows users to search for contacts , applications , bookmarks , songs and other items .
" Just open Gesture Search and draw letter " A , " and Gesture Search returns a list of items that have words starting with " A " .
Swiping a finger horizontally will erase it .
According to Li , Gesture Search also " improves search quality by learning from your search history , so Anne 's contact info will jump to the top of the list the next time you write " A " .
Google has been expanding the number of applications available for Android , including Google Earth , which lets users see satellite and 3D views of terrain virtually anywhere on the planet .
Users will also be able to utilize this smartphone operating system 's voice-recognition abilities within Earth for Android to search for locations .
Google 's Nexus One smartphone , launched Jan. 5 , was meant to give the company a branded launching pad for those initiatives .
EVBCorpus
Opera recommitted to Android in significant fashion today by launching Opera Mini 5 in beta .
More features carry over from full-size releases , such as a password manager and a bookmark sync feature known as Opera Link that can share pages between desktop and mobile versions of the browser .
So far , we 're fairly impressed by the browser 's interface most of all .
It may be this , however , that poses the problem .
Still , the app is currently in a beta that could fix such issues , and those who regularly juggle multiple pages or who simply need to conserve bandwidth on a limited data plan will want to consider even the pre-release version of Opera as an alternative .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Time on Earth is set by the Sun 's position in the sky .
We cannot see it .
We cannot hear it .
For all our success in measuring the smallest parts of time , time remains one of the great mysteries of this universe .
There could be no movement , because time and movement cannot be separated .
In the real world - the world with time - changes never stop .
Humans always have noted natural events that repeat themselves .
In early human history , the only changes that seemed to repeat themselves evenly were the movements of objects in the sky .
The appearance and disappearance of the sun was even and unfailing .
They counted the days that passed from the sun 's highest position until it returned to that position .
Early humans also noted changes in the moon .
Why did it disappear ?
The early humans counted the number of times the sun appeared between full moons .
Twenty-nine suns equaled one moon .
They moved in groups or tribes from place to place in search of food .
They found they no longer needed to move from one place to another to survive .
So , they developed calendars .
When people started farming , the wise men of the tribes became very important .
They studied the sky .
They announced when it was time to plant crops .
The divisions of time we use today were developed in ancient Babylonia four thousand years ago .
Then , they divided each day into twenty-four equal parts , or hours .
The sundial was one of the earliest and simplest .
It has a stick or object that rises above a flat surface .
Marks on the surface show the passing of hours , and perhaps , minutes .
It uses a thin stream of falling sand to measure time .
By the eighteenth century , people had developed mechanical clocks and watches .
But what time is it now ?
This is because time on Earth is set by the sun 's position in the sky above .
As international communications and travel increased , it became clear that it would be necessary to establish a common time for all parts of the world .
Twelve zones are west of Greenwich.
Some scientists say time is governed by the movement of matter in our universe .
Can time move backward ?
We know a film is moving forward if it shows a glass falling off a table and breaking into many pieces .
Except in a film .
In fact , there are more conditions of disorder than of order .
That is disorder .
But there is only one way the broken pieces can be organized to make a glass .
It is almost impossible to believe this would happen .
And time will remain a mystery .
Chip spending could reach double-digit growth this year
In second place will be Samsung Electronics , spending $ 12.5 billion , followed by Nokia and then Apple .
But as demand rises this year , the EMS market is expected to stage a quick rebound .
The company also supplies components for the iPod , the Nintendo Wii , Sony 's PlayStation 3 , and a variety of Hewlett-Packard products .
Symantec : China Main Source of Targeted Attacks
A new report from Symantec 's MessageLabs analyzed targeted attacks this month and found that nearly a third originate from senders in China .
" When considering the true location of the sender rather than the location of the e-mail server , fewer attacks are actually sent from North America than it would at first seem , " said Paul Wood , intelligence senior analyst with Symantec 's MessageLabs , in a statement .
Analysis of the sender 's IP address , rather than the IP address of the e-mail server reveals the true source of these targeted attacks . "
Mikko Hypponen , chief researcher officer at F-Secure , noted in a conversation with eWEEK that targeted attacks are often preceded by real-world espionage where the hackers dig into the backgrounds of their targets , searching for information such as where they live , what language they speak and what information they have access to .
What area are they working ?
According to Symantec , the city Shaoxing in China seems to be a major source for attacks , accounting for 21.3 percent .
The most compromised file type for the month were encrypted .RAR files which accounted for roughly 1 in 312 malicious files attached to e-mails .
" Although they are more common than encrypted .RAR_files , they are far less likely to be seen attached to malicious e-mail . "
" In many cases these e-mails are very convincing…talking about projects by numbers and codenames , talking about highly specific details that the person is working with and they have an attachment ... which when opened will actually show you a real file which is again relevant in most cases , but at the same time it will drop an exploit through a backdoor , " Hypponen explained .
EVBCorpus
The IdeaPad S10-3s is one of the thinnest netbooks yet at about 0.63 inches thick and also makes use of the same design techniques borrowed from the ThinkPad Edge .
As a netbook , the S10-3s is relatively customizable with the choice of a 1.66GHz or 1.83GHz Atom , up to a 720p 10-inch display , and the option of 3G .
The C Series all-in-ones get the C200 , Lenovo 's first nettop with NVIDIA 's Ion for graphics ; it also has the pick of either the 1.6GHz Atom D410 or 1.66GHz D510 versus the single-core options for the C300 .
Looking for love ? Perfume may backfire
Looking for love ?
When it comes to attracting a man , natural scent works best
These findings could lead to the development of new fragrances that mimic this effect , and answer basic questions about human biology .
In surveys , men report being more attracted to ovulating women .
The researchers performed two separate but related experiments .
The women wore the shirts over three days when they went to sleep .
In the second experiment , the scientists added an extra variable : fresh T-shirts that hadn't been worn by anyone .
Men who smelled the shirts of ovulating women in the first experiment had , on average , testosterone levels that were 37 percent higher than the men who smelled the shirts of non-ovulating women .
Another unknown is the whether a man could detect an ovulating women in a real-world situation , say a crowded bar .
Nevertheless , scientists say the experiments could have real world significance for potential love connections .
Exactly how far the odor diffuses away from a woman remains to be seen .
Equally possible is that men are sensing other chemicals that rise and fall depending on the amount of estrogen .
Despite the remaining unknowns , the new research marks a milestone for smell scientists .
" It 's a new area of research . "
Computers , Children and the Digital Divide
Experts continue to debate how best to close this digital divide .
His nonprofit organization has shipped its specially designed laptop to developing countries around the world .
But the program has critics .
He says these " virtual desktops " lower costs , reduce energy use and lessen the need for technical support .
As computers reach more children in developing countries , so too in many cases is the Internet .
But children also need to learn about the possible threats that can be found on social networks and other sites .
" They 're being told that , Hey you know what , I can send you a few dollars .
I can come and visit you .
His company is working with the Kenyan government and a children 's rights group .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Oracle and Adobe Systems pushed out updates to their products as well .
Oracle also fixed eight bugs in its e-business suite portfolio , seven database vulnerabilities , one flaw in the Oracle Collaboration suite and five security fixes for Oracle Fusion Middleware .
The feature , explained Adobe Security Product of Director and Privacy Brad Arkin , will help protect users by ensuring they are running the most current versions of Adobe software .
With the new updater , Windows users will be able to set Adobe Reader and Acrobat to automatically download updates without any user interaction .
" The silent updater will have a positive effect on updates for Adobe .
I would expect the silent updater to further increase this gap . "
ASUS swings low-cost Eee Box EB1007 with Pine Trail Atom
The Eee Box EB1007 carries a 1.66GHz Atom desktop processor using Intel 's newer Pine Trail platform but , stepping below the EB1501 , just uses Intel 's integrated graphics .
Just one trim level is available so far and carries of a hard drive and Pricing and a US ship date have n't been mentioned , but the system is likely to cost closer to $ 300 than $ 400 given the pricing of ASUS' netbooks .
Dell 's upcoming Alienware M11x netbook has finally received a price of $ 799 for the entry-level model .
The GeForce GT 335M switchable GPU supports 720p playback on this netbook 's 11.6-inch display .
The M11x integrates an Intel Core 2 Duo CPU , with maximum battery life claimed to reach 6.5 hours .
Dell has yet to announce a specific release date for the M11X .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
However , other market indicators are coming to the fore , and most of them are pointing to one very clear trend : Virtual desktops are picking up momentum in replacing conventional client server desktops .
VMware and Citrix Systems have been Nos. 1 and 2 in the VDI market for the past several years , according to IT research companies Gartner , IDC , The 451 Group and Forrester .
Frankly , many companies are rethinking the conventional client server desktop setup and beginning to see it as a thing of the past , as yearly licensing becomes a drag on expenses and as software upgrades and weekly security patching continue to be thorns in the sides of IT administrators .
Like virtualized servers and storage arrays , VDI uses a centralized pool of computing power - either inside a data center or from cloud computing services - that encompasses any number of desktop workstations , enabling performance gains and a lessening of the electrical energy used to run them .
Kaviza provides built-in high availability , does not require shared storage and is a turnkey deployment .
Parallels ' offering features enterprise-class manageability tools while maintaining a familiar-looking user interface .
" Ironically , some customers are looking to use VDI as a way to increase life of their existing hardware .
Jefferies said resellers expect virtualization software sales in 2010 to increase about 13 percent over 2009 .
The researcher said the high expectations for virtualization are due largely to the improving world economy and resultant loosening of IT budgets .
Hand Washing Wipes Away Regrets ?
Published May 6 , 2010
" You want to feel that you made the right choice , so you justify it by thinking about the positive features " of your decision , he said .
Wiping the Slate Clean
The students were then offered a gift : Take home either your fifth- or sixth-ranked CD .
The students who did n't wash their hands later ranked their chosen CDs higher than they had before - a classic example of postdecisional dissonance .
People who did n't use an antiseptic wipe expected their chosen jam to taste better than the rejected one .
Psychology of Dirty Socks
Why is that ? " Lee asked .
EVBCorpus
Goodbye , Slate , hello , Hurricane !
Hewlett-Packard could be releasing a tablet running the Palm 's webOS operating system as soon as the third quarter of 2010 , according to a report from The Examiner , which attributes the information to " an insider at HP . "
HP acquired the highly-praised webOS platform in its recent purchase of smartphone-maker Palm , and stated outright an expectation to deploy it on various devices .
" The combination of HP 's global scale and financial strength with Palm 's unparalleled webOS platform will enhance HP 's ability to participate more aggressively in the fast-growing , highly profitable smartphone and connected mobile device markets . "
If HP can create a compelling tablet offering that people are willing to buy , the barriers to entry might be fairly minimal . "
" That schedule seems to imply that the project was already underway when the deal was announced .
" Microsoft itself is finding the tablet PC market more complicated than expected , "
Technology Business Research Analyst John Spooner wrote in an April 30 research note .
EVBCorpus
The company made the announcement at the Google I O show .
This extension provides more creative options to Adobe Creative Suite 5 users - so they can more easily create , deliver and optimize compelling content consistently , across the widest array of screens , to maximize revenue streams and forward their businesses , " Adobe said in a news release .
" Availability of this HTML5 Pack extension is the direct result of positive customer feedback that began at the Adobe Max 2009 ( developer conference ) when the company first gave a sneak peek of the technology , and then again most recently following a post on the Adobe Design and Web blog , where additional HTML5 and CSS3 ( Cascading Style Sheets 3 ) RD investments were discussed , " the company said .
" The extension also includes WebKit engine updates and improvements to support video and audio in Dreamweaver CS5 's Live View .
Additionally , the HTML5 Pack features HTML5 starter layouts to the New Document dialog box in Dreamweaver CS5 , making it easier for users to accelerate their efforts to design and develop with the latest in emerging Web standards . "
" One of Dreamweaver 's great strengths is its extensibility and it 's encouraging to see that Adobe has wasted no time in providing support for those parts of HTML 5 and CSS3 that are already supported by several browsers , "
Dell Services Care Health Target State Governments
Now that the health care reform bill is signed into law , Dell is looking to offer local state governments a set of IT services designed to help meet new federal regulations regarding issues such as Medicaid .
Dell is looking to offer state governments a health care check-up .
In this case , Dell is targeting state governments that have to deal with an onslaught of new federal health care regulations , such as changes to Medicaid and electronic health care records .
While Dell has been pushing IT services and consulting for many years , its 2009 acquisition of Perot Systems for $ 3.9 billion gave Dell a firmer foothold in this market to better compete against the likes of IBM , Hewlett-Packard and IT outsourcing firms such as Infosys .
When it announced the State Health Services program , Dell also pointed to its own example of helping Massachusetts implement its Massachusetts Commonwealth Care Health Plan , which looked to reduce the number of uninsured in the state , while offering small businesses a way to buy health care coverage for their employees .
Melissa Boudreault , the director of Dell State Health Services , wrote in a statement .
EVBCorpus
When Google unveiled Chrome OS last fall , the company said the platform would power netbooks from Acer , Asus , HP and Lenovo this holiday season .
Dell is throwing its hat in the ring as a provider of laptops based on Google 's Chrome operating system , an executive for the computer maker said .
Google 's Chrome operating system is a Web operating system .
Those machines take several seconds to boot up , or even minutes if they are older models , because they go through a number of data-checking procedures .
But Amit Midha , Dell 's president for Greater China and South Asia , told Reuters June 21 the company is looking at making computers on Chrome OS and Google 's Android in the future .
Dell has shown a willingness of late to branch out from its largely Windows OS-based lineup .
The computer maker already offers the Android Mini 3 smartphone and is launching its Streak tablet/smartphone hybrid device in the United States in July after a roll out in the United Kingdom earlier this month .
Google executives have also been hyping Google Cloud Print of late to assuage concerns about the ability for consumers to print from the cloud-based Chrome OS machines .
Samsung to Put Skyhook on Mobile Devices
Skyhook Wireless grabs another partner as Samsung signs up to put Skyhook 's location-based services technology on the Wave smartphone .
The first handset to launch with Skyhook embedded will be the Samsung Wave " smartphone , first announced at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Spain .
Skyhook argued , " For some experiences , such as turn-by-turn navigation or local search , location is the central feature , but increasingly ( social ) applications such as Twitter , Shazam and OpenTable incorporate location to simplify user experience and to personalize content delivery . "
The company said its Core Location system " uses a combination of WiFi , cellular and GPS readings to produce a single , accurate location quickly and in all environments . "
Skyhook maintains a worldwide database of cell tower locations , which increases Core Engine coverage area and helps improve GPS satellite acquisition time .
Microsoft releases application security tool kit for developers
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Microsoft releases application security tool kit for developers
Microsoft updates its EMET tool kit , designed to help developers thwart attacks against their applications .
Microsoft released an updated version of a tool kit Sept. 2 to help developers make their applications more secure .
With the Enhanced Mitigation Experience Toolkit 2 , Microsoft said , developers can bring technologies such as dynamic data execution prevention to bear to improve security , particularly for older programs that cannot be recompiled to opt in to the security technologies .
The updated tool kit features a total of six mitigations , including two new ones : Export Address Table Access Filtering and Mandatory Address Space Layout Randomization .
Application mashups require a strong security approach .
Secunia security researchers revealed in a July 1 report that many application developers were not taking advantage of protections Microsoft put in place to prevent attacks .
The report also found developers have done a poor job of implementing Microsoft 's DEP ( Data Execution Prevention ) protections as well .
Microsoft Fixes Security Windows Plans for Patch Tuesday
Microsoft Fixes Security Windows Plans for Patch Tuesday
The bulletins are slated to address a total of 13 vulnerabilities .
Among those are fixes for remote code execution bugs in Microsoft Office and Windows .
The remaining five bulletins - which are all rated " important " - all affect Windows , and include both privilege escalation and remote execution issues .
" Windows XP SP2 users should upgrade to SP3 as quickly as possible . "
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Microsoft Patches Security Releases for 11 Vulnerabilities
Four of the bulletins are rated " critical , " including two Microsoft considers very likely to be exploited .
If password-based sharing is disabled , attackers could exploit these systems without authentication . "
If exploited successfully , an attacker could take control of a vulnerable system .
" There is a prevalence of sharing media and video files , so MS10-062 is of particular interest , as this media code execution takes advantage of vulnerabilities by crafting music files .
According to Microsoft , the Uniscribe bug can be exploited if a user views a specially crafted document or Web page with an application that supports embedded OpenType fonts .
In addition , configurations where Outlook uses POP or IMAP mail servers only are not affected by this vulnerability . "
The security update addresses roughly a third of the amount of vulnerabilities addressed in last month 's patches .
Microsoft initially announced 13 vulnerabilities would be fixed today , but later corrected it as a typo .
Microsoft delivers Visual Basic tools for Windows Phone 7 development
On Sept. 23 , Microsoft released the CTP of Microsoft Visual Basic for Windows Phone Developer Tools .
This is a great milestone as it enables our Visual Basic developers to be able to build applications for Windows Phone . "
The CTP includes Visual Studio 2010 project templates , item templates , designer support , emulator support , debugging and IntelliSense for Visual Basic .
EVBCorpus
Microsoft released an update to SQL Server 2008 with new improvements around reporting and management .
In addition , in SP2 an instance of the SQL Server 2008 Database Engine can be enrolled with a SQL Server 2008 R2 Utility Control Point as a managed instance of SQL Server , Microsoft said .
SP2 does not upgrade the SQL Server 2008 client tools to support DACs .
A DAC provides a single unit for authoring , deploying and managing the data-tier objects . "
EVBCorpus
The new HLDS ( Hitachi LG Data Storage partnership ) hybrid drive with Micron 's 25nm NAND flash will be used in PCs , DVD players and Blu-ray products .
The new 25nm , 2-bit-per-cell chip can hold 8GB of data storage , more than 10 times the 700MB capacity of a standard CD .
The small size of the flash chip is a big advantage to the manufacturing process of the drive itself in that it allows designers more flexibility to fit it into the layout .
The HLDS Hybrid Drive is designed for thin and light notebooks that traditionally have space for one drive , Micron said .
HLDS will be demonstrating the Hybrid Drive using Micron 's 25nm NAND at the CEATEC conference Oct. 5-9 in Japan .
EVBCorpus
McAfee Strategy Security Talks with " Security Connected " Vision
According to McAfee , the approach is meant to help businesses apply more intelligent and effective security .
In there , we 're connecting our security products and connecting our security intelligence so that they can all work in concert to prevent the more advanced threats that are occurring out there today . "
" And more and more information workers … are using these tools in our day-to-day business life , which is providing pressure on the corporations to enable access to applications and business data on the go . "
Security Connected extends across McAfee 's portfolio of security and reporting technologies , ranging from product integration to work with the company 's partner ecosystem to deliver services to customers and ensure product compatibility .
Under Security Connected , if a malicious file is discovered on a laptop or other device , " we 'll not only send information about that piece of malware up to our intelligence cloud , but we 'll also send what Website did it come from , what network port did it come from , information like that so we can … isolate that threat and prevent it from spreading and exploding anywhere in the environment , " Ward said .
Intel New Launches .NET SDK and Visual Studio Plug-In
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The new .NET SDK joins Intel 's support for other platforms as part of AppUp .
" The addition of .NET continues Intel 's growing 'port of choice " approach , allowing developers to use the tools and environment they already know to create apps for distribution through the AppUp center store , " said Intel community manager Bob Duffy in an Oct. 17 blog post .
The IDE Plug-in support both the C C++ and .NET SDK for Windows when using Visual Studio 2008 .
By integrating Intel 's .NET SDK , for AppUp into their applications , developers can submit their .NET apps for distribution and sales via the AppUp Center stores .
Each store will sell netbooks with AppUp pre-installed , opening up AppUp applications to a large distribution of customers . "
Also , with the launch of the AppUp .NET SDK , Intel opens up the AppUp distribution platform to its widest set of developers to date , Duffy said .
Meanwhile , Duffy added a few caveats regarding the new SDK :
You can instead select Windows as you do with C_C++ submissions and include your .MSI as normal .
Currently the .NET SDK works with version 3.5 of .NET.
EVBCorpus
Android and Me scored the scoop .
While some believe the news will be the Android-based Samsung Galaxy Plplayer , the gadget blog Android and Me said the companies would unveil the Nexus Two as the first smartphone based on Android 2.3 , or the Gingerbread , build that is optimized for tablet computers .
Both Google and Samsung declined to comment .
If Android and Me 's claim is true , it would also count as a revitalization of the Nexus brand after the demise of the inaugural Google Nexus One .
The device was unique because , while HTC made the hardware , Google put only the software it wanted on it .
If so , what carrier will carry it , outside of Carphone Warehouse across the pond ?
Moreover , how soon before existing Samsung handsets , many of which have yet to get the Android 2.2 bump , receive Gingerbread ?
Making the World Wide Web More Usable to a Wider World
Making the World Wide Web More Usable to a Wider World
Yet only twenty-one percent of their population is online .
Tim Berners-Lee is the British computer scientist who invented the World Wide Web .
The latest United Nations report says almost eight hundred million adults are unable to read or write .
" So even if they had connectivity and they had a mobile phone , or something they could get to the Web , what would they look for ?
The Internet is a network of networks .
The Web is a major part .
Tim Berners-Lee created the World Wide Web as a way to help people share information .
By two thousand eight , Google reported that the number of Web pages had passed one trillion .
STEVE BRATT : " Our main purpose is to advance the Web to empower people .
Steve Bratt says mobile technology is an important part of that work , as more and more people use their phones to go online .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
A look back at the 2010 by researchers at Websense revealed a mix of better tactics and black hat search engine optimization ( SEO ) laid the foundation for a dramatic jump in malicious sites for the year .
Search engine optimization by attackers has not helped the situation .
" Similar to what we found in 2009 , the botnets behind these campaigns are being repurposed once the illegitimate campaign has been removed from the search engine results . "
Researchers said they expect to see more black hat SEO combined with rogue antivirus and e-mail containing data stealing components in the coming 12 months .
According to the report , the United States was the number one country hosting crimeware and phishing sites in 2010 .
That does n't mean , of course , that the attackers are based in the US . "
Researchers Find Security Flaws in Palm Smartphone webOS
The issues were uncovered by Orlando Barrera and Daniel Herrera of SecTheory , who discovered a total of three unique flaws - a floating-point overflow issue , a denial of service bug and the cross-site scripting vulnerability .
" This in essence is the foundation of a bot net , with time and effort I believe it is feasible for an attacker to complete a functional command and control program for this device . "
" This allowed us to exfiltrate sensitive user data stored within the database to a remote server under our control , " he added .
The specific cross-site scripting injection flaw used by the duo to demonstrate the attacks was fixed by Palm as of the webOS 2.0 beta .
The researchers conducted their work on webOS version 1.4.x and the webOS 2.0 beta platforms developed by Palm .
This design leaves the webOS susceptible to attacks similar to Cross-site Scripting .
Stardust spacecraft makes comet flyby
EVBCorpus
By Jonathan Amos , Science correspondent , BBC News
Tempel 1 was visited by another probe back in 2005 .
The spacecraft was expected to get to within about 200km ( 120 miles ) of the comet nucleus .
1 . Manchester United may move share sale to US reports say
Manchester United football club is considering moving its planned stock market flotation to the US from Singapore , reports have said .
The company could not be reached for comment , and the Singapore Stock Exchange declined to comment on individual companies .
United received approval for the Singapore share sale in September , but the process was delayed because of volatility in the stock markets .
Last month , Graff Diamonds , a British retailer of gems , abandoned its $ 1bn share sale in Hong Kong .
( CNN ) - One of the hottest properties in European football , Eden Hazard , has ended months of speculation as to his future by announcing on Twitter he is to join Champions League winners Chelsea .
After a cryptic message on Monday morning when he took to Twitter to announce he had made up his mind , Hazard then later posted : " I 'm signing for the champion 's league winner . "
It sealed a remarkable end to a difficult season in which Portuguese manager Andre Villas-Boas was sacked in March , just nine months after he arrived from Porto .
The Czech keeper has already made more appearances than any other foreign player in the club 's history , representing Chelsea 369 times .
I hope the next four years will be as successful as the last eight years I have been at the club . "
" It is clear to anyone who watched the climax to the season just completed that Petr continues to perform as well as any goalkeeper in the world . "
Mahut , best known for his world record marathon match against John Isner at Wimbledon , is not noted for his own ability on clay and it is only the second time he has made the second round .
Roddick has slipped to No.29 in the world after hamstring and hip problems and admitted that he was never likely to make an impression on clay , preferring the faster grass of Wimbledon .
I feel that way on grass , so , you know , hopefully I can turn it around there , " he told gathered reporters .
Roddick 's fellow American veteran Venus Williams also looked in trouble when she trailed Argentine teenager Paula Ormaechea by a set but recovered to win 4-6 6-1 6-3 on a sparsely populated Court Phillip Chatrier .
Tsonga was swept aside in the first set but quickly regained control to win 1-6 6-3 6-2 6-4 to reach the second round .
" It 's not my favorite surface at the moment .
Ninth seed Juan Martin del Potro was also taken to four sets before the Argentine beat Spanish veteran Albert Montanes 6-2 6-7 6-2 6-1 .
He is shaping as a possible quarterfinal opponent for Roger Federer .
And Leeds flyweight Adams edged out Indian star Mary Kom Hmangte , 13-11 .
Adams enjoyed a superb win over five-time 48kg world champion to guarantee at least a bronze , with a semi-final to come against Russia 's Elena Savelyeva .
" I 'm absolutely made up that I 'm still in it and I 'll keep fighting until I get beat . "
" It 's a dream come true , I just ca n't believe it really , " said Taylor .
Adams has battled her way back from a back injury that almost ended her career in 2009 and she struggled for funding .
" I 'm boxing the best people in the world at the moment and I 'm still coming out on top .
" Not only that but it is brilliant for the team because Natasha has qualified too and Savannah is getting close .
BANGKOK ( 18 May 2012 ) - Despite failing to win the English FA Cup this year , Liverpool FC still managed to reel in the sponsors as Thailand 's 3K Battery signed up on a three-year deal .
" As the leading manufacturer and distributor of car batteries in more than 50 countries worldwide , including Thailand , we 're looking to enhance our image as a Thai product meeting world standards through sports marketing .
" We 're ready to extend our support to Thai football , especially at the youth level .
" 3K Battery is a forward-thinking company and , as with all our partnerships , we have taken time to form a relationship with 3K Battery so we can support mutual goals more effectively and provide significant brand visibility . "
Knowing your strategies is key to achieving work-life balance
With conflicting demands from work , home and the classroom , this hectic time of year can be filled with stress .
But according to new research from the University of Toronto Scarborough ( UTSC ) , a little self-reflection could do us all a world of good .
" And if they 're not working , we then need to ask , " What are the strategies I 'm using to make things better ? "
While the problem-focused approach is traditionally viewed as the best of the three .
The most surprising conclusion had to do with the third coping mechanism : avoidance .
Feeling drained leads to lower levels of satisfaction with life and higher rates of burnout , depression and ill-health .
" People need to assess which strategies they 're using to cope with their problems and make sure they 're making time for resource recovery " .
Notes :
Source : University of Toronto
Japan 's Growing Role in Vietnam 's Development
Japan 's Growing Role in Vietnam 's Development
The Japanese parliament ratified the agreement , referred to as the Vietnam-Japan Economic Partnership Agreement , in June .
Japan 's contribution in transforming Vietnam 's economy can be seen in the three important areas of official development assistance ( ODA ) , trade and investment .
Trade Surplus
According to statistics of the Japan External Trade Organization ( JETRO ) , Vietnam has consistently enjoyed an annual trade surplus with Japan over the past five years , with the 2008 surplus reaching US$ 1.26 billion .
With the coming implementation of the FTA , this number will surely continue to rise .
For example , Vietnamese shrimp and durian will enter the Japanese market dutyfree immediately upon the FTA 's taking effect , not only increasing Vietnamese exports but also boosting local employment .
In implementing this initiative , solutions to investment 's obstacles have been carried out in such forms as changing relevant laws , improving physical infrastructure , and building institutions .
In this regard , the successful development of supporting industries would be the key for Vietnam to move up the development ladder .
During the process , Japan will transfer its relevant space technology and provide training to Vietnamese personnel .
According to a 2008 survey conducted by the Japan Bank for International Cooperation on Japanese manufacturers " oversea business operations , Vietnam ranked as the third promising country ( after China and India ) and was the destination for many new Japanese investment .
In this regard , Vietnamese young workers are regarded as fit to help fill the gap .
Since Japan sees a strong and well-developed ASEAN as a whole important to its own development , it has also tried to help relatively less-developed ASEAN members ( Cambodia , Laos , Burma , and Vietnam ) integrate well into the regional economy .
From the strategic standpoint , each side can accommodate the other 's interests largely without complicating its own internal and external relations .
However , continued success should not be taken for granted .
Japan resumed its ODA disbursement after the two governments formed the " Japan-Vietnam Joint Committee for Preventing Japanese ODA-related Corruption " to come up with effective measures to prevent such similar cases from happening again .
Another point is related to the two sides ' cooperation on developing supporting industries .
In a somewhat similar line , Kenichi Ohno , a Japanese expert who has very close knowledge of the situation , said that while Japan was active in coming up with an action plan , there was a lack of interest in cooperating from the Vietnamese side .
Vietnam should strategically take advantage of the current very positive and well-intended Japanese involvement to promote economic development for the sake of maintaining social stability and national security .
Paradox of Vietnamese farm produce
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
This paradoxical fact has existed for many years .
In 2009 , the agricultural sector achieved high revenues from exporting farm produce , earning US$ 15.4 billion , above the yearly set target of US$ 12 billion the global economic downturn .
However , last year the country also spent almost US$ 150 million importing vegetables and fruits from China and US$ 45 million purchasing farm products from Thailand .
This situation has increased the concerns of millions of farmers who enjoy bumper crops but worry about low prices .
Only some kinds of Vietnamese agricultural products bearing foreign trademarks are available in markets and supermarkets nationwide .
However , it is something of a paradox that some Vietnamese farm products are defeated on their own turf despite good quality and great potential .
High quality imported products with reasonable prices will win consumer 's trust .
Every year , billions of Vietnamese dong are spent on promotion activities overseas while the domestic market , which is of great potential , has not been paid due attention .
With a productive climate and soil as well as industrious and creative farmer , many regions of the country produce highly competitive farm products .
Successful farm production in Japan demonstrates that it is not difficult to produce products but the key thing is to sell them .
Accordingly , Vietnam needs to restructure production , improve the quality of products to raise their competitiveness , invest more in the sales and marketing network and combine production with processing and distribution .
Economists , Business Leaders Warn Political Tension Could Harm Thai Tourism Industry
Plans for a massive anti-government demonstration later this week have business leaders worried about potential economic damage .
About 30 countries have issued travel advisories warning their citizens visiting or living in Thailand to avoid large gatherings and possible clashes .
" The first one is tourism .
Anti-government protests last April turned violent , scaring off some potential visitors , and in 2008 , another group of protesters overran the main international airport and shut down flights for a week .
John Koldowski , a spokesman for the Pacific Asia Travel Association , says travelers are already nervous about the political tension .
It 's actually been through the ringer several times over the last 12 to 18 months and everyone 's hoping that this is not yet another turn of the screw so to speak , ( Hotel ) rates are down , participation levels are down . " said Koldowski .
Thailand 's political scene has been troubled for five years .
In 2006 , the military ousted Prime Minister Thaksin , who fled the country in 2008 after being convicted of corruption .
When a pro-Thaksin government was elected in 2007 , those forces paralyzed the government for months .
Obama Signs USA Financial Reform into Law
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
President Barack Obama has signed legislation to reform the business practices of U.S.A financial institutions .
" It will finally bring transparency to the kinds of complex and risky transactions that helped trigger the financial crisis . "
Before he signed it , the president said the overhaul will have global implications .
The law will allow the government to take over failing financial institutions , if they are so big that their collapse would damage the U.S.A economy .
Banks will be required to keep more money on hand to cover potential losses from bad investments .
The top Senate Republican , Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , says it will make America 's unemployment problem worse .
He called those who did not , " a partisan minority determined to block change . "
" And that means , perhaps , giving up some business .
EVBCorpus
The simplest form of business is called an individual or sole proprietorship .
This means the proprietor gets to keep all of the profits of the business , but must also pay any debts .
An agreement is usually needed to decide how much of the partnership each person controls .
Limited partners may not share as much in the profits , but they also have less responsibility for the business .
Partnerships exist only for as long as the owners remain alive .
Corporations can sell stock as a way to raise money .
Or the company might reinvest the money back into the business .
But shareholders are not responsible for the debts of the corporation .
The directors might or might not hold shares in the corporation .
But not all corporations are traditional businesses that sell stock .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
He said the most important lesson of the financial crisis is the need for an orderly way to shut down failing firms that are so big that they could damage the overall financial system if they collapse .
EVBCorpus
EU states and the European Commission agreed to create agencies that from next year are to oversee banks , insurers , and financial markets .
It is hoped the agreements in Europe and the USA will help stop a repeat of the financial crisis in which loose supervision of companies was blamed for contributing to problems .
Mr Barnier said the new agencies would give Europe " the control tower and the radar screens needed to identify risks , the tools to better control financial players and the means to act quickly , in a coordinated way , in a timely fashion " .
Compromise
However , as details of the agreement began to emerge on Thursday , it appeared that a compromise had been reached .
" At the same time national governments and national regulators keep their frontline responsibility to protect national tax payers " interests , " she said .
A UK government spokesperson welcomed the deal , saying it was " a very good outcome for the UK , fully reflecting the priorities secured by " Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne .
EVBCorpus
What 's This ?
Today , accounting is a career .
Modern accounting , or the double-entry accounting method , was first documented in the early 1300s .
Luca Pacioli , the father of accounting , wrote the first book on double-entry accounting in 1494 .
From 1769 to 1772 , during the depression that gripped the European continent , cost accounting was developed to help companies streamline their operation and stay open .
Accounting Profession Recognized by United Kingdom
Tax accounting has never been the same .
The Balance Sheet
The income statement would not be created until just prior to World War II .
Modern Cost Accounting
Accounting Regulation
GAAP to IFRS
It did however issue several pronouncements .
In 2009 , there is a trend to move from GAAP to the International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ) .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
So for the countries of the world who have plans of promoting small business , which government policies should be adopted to further see its expansion ?
The government must be able to help the wannabe entrepreneurs get the amount of money they need to start their own business .
They must create programs that would help numerous citizens to learn new business skills .
c ) Celebrate Small Businesses .
To lower taxes can be one way to encourage small businesses to make the entire business regulatory process less complex to apply and maintain .
e ) Offer Protection To Intellectual Property .
HSBC is to raise money in London in the Chinese currency , becoming the first business to do so outside mainland China or Hong Kong .
The bank will be raising a relatively small amount : no more than 200m renminbi ( £20m ) , according to BBC business editor Robert Peston .
There were renminbi deposits worth more than 109bn in London at the end of 2011 , according to figures provided by the Treasury .
Under this decision , commercial banks would have to restructure enterprises " repayment schedules based on their financial capacity , said director of the central banks ' Monetary Policies Department .
The restructuring of repayment would only apply to enterprises in " temporary difficulties " , she added .
Several bankers echoed Hong .
In other words , Thanh said , the loan extension policy would apply only to enterprises that had clear and effective development plans .
That is up from the previous limit of 0.5% .
The US Treasury Department on Sunday welcomed the move .
Evolving situation
Last month , China and Australia signed a currency swap agreement in a bid to promote bilateral trade and investment .
This deal is expected to reduce cost for businesses , as they will be able to settle trade terms in local currency .
The lowering of the ceiling rate for deposits was made in a bid to reduce lending rates to assist businesses and ease banks " bad debts , State Bank Governor Nguyen Van Binh told a press briefing yesterday , while announcing that the tightened credit valve imposed on the real-estate sector is now open .
The deposit rate cap was yesterday slashed from 13 percent to 12 percent a year , the second consecutive cut within a month , in the central bank 's effort to cool down lending interest rates .
With the deposit interest rate cap lowered to 12 percent a year , Binh said lending rates are expected to revolve around 13 to 16 percent a year .
Inaccessible
" Banks are also businesses , not money producers .
"Those falling into this category will still have to borrow at a high rate of 20 – 25 percent a year , , adding that the move is intended to create more lending for preferential borrowers , including the agriculture and rural sectors , or medium - and small-sized enterprises .
Consumer prices grew by 3.6% in March from a year earlier , up from 3.2% in February .
" I think the stronger-than-expected inflation could slow down the pace of monetary policy relaxing , although the basic direction of policy easing is intact , " said Wang Jin of Guotai Securities in Shanghai .
China 's economy grew by 8.9% in the three months to the end of December from a year earlier , the slowest pace of growth in more than two years .
In effect giving them more money to lend to consumers , in a bid to boost lending and sustain economic growth .
26 . Viewpoint : China , the " leading dragon " of the World Economy
China is now front and centre , and its role as a leading dragon can be beneficial for growth prospects for the world economy .
China has an income per capita of $ 4,400 in current dollars and is well established as a high-middle income country .
The " advantage of backwardness "
Chinacan continue to enjoy the advantage of backwardness( before closing the gap .
The challenges
Indeed , a double-dip recession in advanced countries cannot be ruled out as a downside risk .
The process should be balanced between consumption and continued strong growth in investment .
In spite of the general improvement of living standards , China has shifted from a relatively egalitarian society in 1979 to a country with alarming income inequality .
China needs to shift its stance vis-à-vis short-term growth and long-term environmental sustainability .
He is the World Bank 's chief economist and senior vice president for Development Economics .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Give your new business venture a fighting chance by taking care to avoid these fatal errors :
Overex pansion .
Poor capital structure .
Overs pending .
Lack of reserve funds .
Bad business location .
Key factors to consider include competition ( how many other similar businesses are located nearby ? ) and accessibility ( is the area well served by freeways , public transportation , and foot traffic ? ) .
An inadequate business plan .
A well-thought-out business plan forces you to think about the future and the challenges you 'll face .
The only constant in business is change .
Ineffective marketing and self-promotion .
Learn how to cost-effectively advertise and promote your business through such tried-and-true methods as direct mail , ads in local newspapers , Web sites , blogs , even by sponsoring a local little league team .
Consumer loyalty does n't just happen ; you have to earn it .
EVBCorpus
The Communist Party has set a target of 8 percent average growth a year over the next five years .
Vietnam 's economy has weathered the worst of the global downturn , according to Danny Armstrong , Vietnam director for Australia 's Commonwealth Bank .
And monetary authorities have depreciated the currency , the dong , which makes exports more competitive overseas .
" That should really do what was intended to do .
Roads , ports and power plants can not keep up with rising demand .
Roads … certainly in Ho Chi Minh City , if you have a look at traffic on the roads , the road infrastructure is growing a bit so , ( but ) infrastructure still has some way to go , " he said .
But some of the government 's actions lead to other worries , and economists say the country still faces economic challenges , including inflation and concerns over corruption and government controls .
Real estate prices , for instance , have risen rapidly in the past year , adding to concerns of bubble .
Because of these capital flows the property prices and stock prices are going up ," said Kumar .
" If you do n't want to have all your eggs in the China basket , then think about Vietnam as an alternative , that has a cheap but young and trainable workforce in a relative sense , has political stability , has relatively favorable investment conditions and a welcome mat out for foreign investment . " .
Vietnam 's main investors are from Taiwan , South Korea , Japan , Malaysia and Singapore , as well as the United States and Europe .
Fitch blamed inconsistent state policies , external finances , and weak domestic banks for the downgrade .
In addition , they say that Vietnam 's complex business laws undermine its attraction to investors .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The financial management system for a small business includes both how you are financing it as well as how you manage the money in the business .
There are a number of alternative ways you can handle this .
Software packages are also available for handling bookkeeping and accounting .
A bookkeeper compiles the information that goes into the system .
Setting up an accounting system , collecting bills , paying employees , suppliers , and taxes correctly and on time are all part of running a small business .
What is the difference between that and an accounting system ?
A good bookkeeping system keeps track of the nuts and bolts -- the actual transactions that take place .
Both accounting and bookkeeping can be contracted out to external firms if you are not comfortable with managing them yourself .
Learning to read them is an important skill to acquire .
Any good system should minimize the risks in your business .
There are some tried and true methods for Managing Cash Shortages that can help prevent cash flow problems and deal with them if they come up .
There are financial issues involved for these circumstances too .
Clearly , financial management encompasses a number of crucial areas of your business .
EVBCorpus
It is a way to protect yourself against unforeseen losses .
Insurance needs differ for each business so look at your risks and choose what is appropriate for your situation .
You should be paying for unemployment insurance as part of your taxes .
Funding for the Social Security program comes from payments by employers , employees and selfemployed persons into an insurance fund that provides income during retirement years .
Workers ' Compensation Insurance protects your employees if they suffer job-related injuries .
Each state mandates coverage and provides benefits .
There are a variety of risks you may wish to insure yourself against .
Looking at this by the party that might be injured , these are some of the types of policies you might consider :
Workman 's Compensation Insurance
Key Employee Insurance
Business Operations Business Interruption Insurance
Other types of insurance may be necessary or unique to your particular business .
One thing that should be clear from this discussion is that you need to find a good insurance agent who you can trust .
EVBCorpus
Business is an art as well as a science .
You can learn anything you need to learn , to achieve any goal you can set for yourself .
There are three major reasons why businesses fail : lack of money , lack of knowledge and lack of support .
1 . Marketing .
3 . Production .
5 . Research and development .
Your ability to deal with the requirements of government legislation at all levels
Having a product or service that 's well suited to the needs and requirements of the current market
Conducting a complete market analysis before producing or offering the product or service
Establishing tight financial controls , good budgeting practices , accurate bookkeeping and accounting methods , all backed by an attitude of frugality
Having good internal efficiency , time management , clear job descriptions , accompanied by clear and measurable output and responsibilities
Developing effective communication among the staff and an open-door policy for managers , especially the business 's owner
Making concern for the customer a top priority at all times
And now that you know the seven essentials of business success and the identifiable factors involved in helping your company succeed , let me share the top reasons for business failure .
Business owners often fail to establish clear goals and create plans to achieve those goals , especially before starting out , when they fail to develop a complete business plan before launching their company .
Greed .
Poor cost control .
Insufficient working capital .
Inadequate financial records .
Failure to anticipate market trends .
Indecisiveness .
Bad human relations .
Diffusion of effort .
It 's an attainable goal , if you simply avoid the reasons for business failure and continually focus on improving the areas that are responsible for business success .
Personal Assessment Checklist
Entrepreneurs tend to share many of the following traits :
You will be investing a great deal of time , effort , and money into a business .
Remember although starting a business is often very difficult , sustaining and building it is also a tremendous amount of work .
You must have enough knowledge to competently produce , market , and service the products you sell .
Willingness to learn .
Marketing techniques that work today may not work as well - or at all - next month .
There 's always an opportunity to learn from others .
It 's not going to happen overnight , and it may even take years .
If you appear to be unsure of yourself , your prospective customers will also feel unsure of dealing with you .
Discipline .
Many people jump from one " latest and greatest " business opportunity or marketing fad without seeing results .
Business often throws the unexpected your way , and you need to be able to adapt quickly .
Feeling " isolated " is very common when working from home .
If at first you do n't succeed , you need to be able to learn from your mistakes , then pick yourself up and try again .
Financial .
Remember that building a business does n't just affect you ; it also affects those close to you .
3 . What are your personal and business goals ?
4 . Know your interests .
6 . Assess your strengths and weaknesses .
Knowing what they are will help you to determine the products or services that will be the basis of your business .
EVBCorpus
Financial markets provide their participants with the most favorable conditions for purchase sale of financial instruments they have inside .
From the point of different types of instruments held the market can be divided into the one of promissory notes and the one of securities ( stock market ) .
Another classification is due to paying-off terms of instruments .
This classification can be referred to the bond market only as its instruments have fixed expiry date , while the stock market 's not .
Their weight in the process of making decisions in the company depends on the number of shares he she possesses .
Due to the financial experience of the company , its part in the market and future potential shares can be divided into several groups .
1 . Blue Chips
Shares of such company grow faster ; its managers typically pursue the policy of reinvestment of revenue into further development and modernization of the company .
Income stocks are the stocks of companies with high and stable earnings that pay high dividends to the shareholders .
They perform perfect when the market turns sour and are in requisition during economic boom .
ADRs are usually issued by the American banks and point at shareholders ' right to possess the shares of a foreign company under the asset management of a bank .
Ordinary shares do not guarantee paying-off dividends .
There are periods when companies do not pay dividends at all , mostly when a company is in a financial distress or in case executives decide to reinvest income into the development of the business .
The company with the high risks level is expected to have high required income rate .
While purchasing shares , aside of risks and dividends analysis , it is absolutely important to examine company carefully as for its profit loss accounting , balance , cash flows , distribution of profits between its shareholders , managers and executives ' wages etc .
EVBCorpus
Shanghai Expo Closes , China Calls it Splendid Success
With a few words , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao declared the end of the Shanghai Expo .
The Chinese government says 73 million visitors came to the Shanghai Expo , a record-breaking number .
At a ceremony earlier in the day , Premier Wen praised the fair as a " splendid event . "
U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon , who also spoke at the Expo event , praised it for promoting international understanding .
Some pavilions will be moved elsewhere to serve as museums or landmarks .
Foreign Investors Pour Billions of Dollars into Indian Stocks
India 's stock markets have attracted a record flow of foreign investment in recent months .
But the Sensex has gained nearly 20 percent this year and is trading close to the levels prior to the financial crisis .
We have seen investments by FII 's of all hues and colors , " said Jain .
Financial analysts say international investors are investing in emerging markets like India to take advantage of higher growth and better financial returns compared to developed countries , which still face economic challenges .
The government estimates that India 's economy will grow by eight and one-half percent this year .
In a recent report , it said economic growth could reach nine percent in 2010 due to growing consumer demand .
# 11 - US consumer spending rises 0.3% in March
This rise , revealed in a Commerce Department report , also showed that personal incomes rose 0.4% .
Falling unemployment and relatively warm weather appear to have boosted spending this year .
Spending for February was revised from an increase of 0.8% to 0.9% .
The Chicago Purchasing Managers Index - which is based on a monthly survey of large businesses in and around the major US city - fell to 56.2 in April , its lowest level in 29 months .
The IPO is set to be the largest ever for an internet firm , bigger than Google 's valuation of $ 23bn in 2004 .
It is thought that Facebook will start promoting the share offering on Monday .
Mobile growth
Last month Facebook said it would buy the fast-growing mobile phone photo sharing app Instagram for $ 1bn , its largest purchase ever .
Facebook founder and chief executive Mark Zuckerberg will remain in control of the company even after the IPO .
At the top end of the price range , this would make his holdings worth $17.6bn .
# 13 - Tata becomes India 's wealthiest group
India 's Tata Group has become the country 's wealthiest , with a market value higher than the combined wealth of the two Reliance conglomerates .
The Tata group , led by Ratan Tata , is worth $98.7bn , according to the company .
But it is also due to the fall in the market value of the Ambani brothers ' firms over the past year .
Tata 's elevation to India 's most valuable quoted company indicates a marked reversal from a year ago in the fortunes of the Tata and Reliance groups , the BBC 's Nidhi Dutt in Mumbai says .
# 14 - Spain back in recession after first-quarter contraction
The National Statistics Institute said the economy shrank 0.3% over the three months to the end of March , the second consecutive quarterly contraction .
Standard and Poor 's downgraded the credit ratings of nine Spanish banks , including Santander and BBVA .
Meanwhile , many Spaniards are affected by the crisis .
But that effort is being hampered by the lack of growth .
Guillaume Menuet , an economist at Citigroup , said :
" It 's likely they'll have to create more fiscal tightening in order to catch up if they wish to avoid going into ( a bailout ) plan , and that 's going to be counterproductive . "
# 15 - US consumer spending rises 0.3% in March
The rise , revealed in a Commerce Department report , also showed that personal incomes rose 0.4% .
Falling unemployment and relatively warm weather appear to have boosted spending this year .
Meanwhile , separate data published on Monday pointed to a slowdown in industrial activity in the US Midwest region .
Who wouldn't want to be worth a million dollars ?
The answers are actually much easier than you might expect .
The wives of these millionaires are good budgeters and most often described as even more frugal than their husbands .
The average wedding cost in the United States in 2010 , according to The WeddingReport.com , was $ 24,070 .
Doing so strengthens your financial position in two ways : In case of an emergency or if one partner loses their job , you will not only have less set expenses to cover , but you will also have built up your net worth as a safety measure .
According to The Millionaire Next Door , " self-employed people make up less than 20% of the workers in America but account for two-thirds of the millionaires . "
Ideally , this would be a career you enjoy , otherwise you likely won't be putting in the dedication required to be successful .
According to Stanley and Danko , the millionaires in their survey invested nearly 20% of their realized household income each year .
Only a very small number of the millionaires surveyed had ever leased a car ; few even drove the current year model .
These people put a financial priority on assets that will make them money , from their homes to their businesses .
The average value of the surveyed millionaires ' homes was $ 320,000 .
The Bottom Line
# 17 - Buffett : Bonds Among Most Dangerous Assets
Warren Buffett , the billionaire chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. , said low interest rates and inflation should dissuade investors from buying bonds and other holdings tied to currencies .
Warren Buffett , 81 , who built Omaha , Nebraska-based Berkshire from a failing textile maker into a firm selling insurance , energy and jewelry through acquisitions and stock picks , echoed Laurence D.Fink , chief executive officer of BlackRock Inc. Fink said this week that investors should be 100 percent in equities , because of depressed stock valuations and the Federal Reserve 's pledge to keep interest rates low .
" Current rates , however , do not come close to offsetting the purchasing-power risk that investors assume .
The Fed has kept borrowing costs near zero , and said last month that economic conditions may warrant " exceptionally low levels " for rates through at least late 2014 to boost the economy and put more Americans back to work .
Berkshire had more than $ 68 billion of equities as of Sept. 30 including the largest stakes in Coca-Cola Co. and Wells Fargo , the biggest U.S. bank by market value .
Cash ( B RK/A ) and cash equivalents were about $ 34.8 billion .
Buffett said investors should avoid gold , because its uses are limited and it doesn't have the potential of farmland or companies to produce new wealth .
Beyond that , the rising price has on its own generated additional buying enthusiasm , attracting purchasers who see the rise as validating an investment thesis .
The full document accompanies financial statements and will probably be released later this month .
HA NOI — Domestic and international policy makers and financial experts yesterday discussed the global financial crisis and its impacts on Viet Nam , as well as the economies of other Asian countries , with a focus on the reform of State-owned enterprises ( SOEs ) .
Minister of Finance Vuong Dinh Hue said that although the world economy was showing signs of recovery and growth , the situation remained complex and the path to further development would be tough .
He said Viet Nam 's economic situation improved in first quarter of the year , with only a modest rise in the CPI , for example , only 0.05 per cent in this April , and increasing exports and the State 's foreign currency reserves .
However , Vietnamese companies still faced numerous difficulties , accompanied by falling demand and foreign investments .
However , Ha said that the crisis gave the Government an opportunity to introduce drastic fiscal tightening policy while reducing public investments in order to improve efficiency .
Young said that the global financial crisis , which started off in the Eurozone in 2008 , put significant financial pressure on developing countries and raised concerns about the prospect of a double-dip recession .
All participants supported the idea of launching an international asset management forum to promote the co-operation of related companies in sharing experiences and improving ways to manage and dispurse both public and private assets .
The Japanese carmaker says it plans to invest a total of 3.56bn yuan ( $ 560 m ; £350 m ) to expand its operations .
The new car assembly line is expected to become operational by 2014 and will increase Honda 's total production capacity in China to 600,000 cars a year .
On Monday , at the Beijing Motor Show , American manufacturers Ford and Chrysler unveiled models designed specifically for the Chinese market .
General Motors , which overtook Toyota as the world 's biggest carmaker last year , said it kept the requirements of the Chinese consumers in mind while developing its cars .
Car exports rose 33.6% from a year earlier , with overall exports up by 5.9 % , latest trade data showed .
Sales of cars and light trucks in the US rose 13% in March , with Toyota 's sales up by 15 % and Nissan gaining 13 % .
Mr Musha added that the recent weakness of the Japanese yen had also played a part in boosting exports .
The jump was driven largely by a 21.8 % increase in imports of liquefied natural gas .
As a result the country 's electricity providers have been relying more heavily on thermal power plants , which require coal , oil and LNG to operate .
" It looks like we will be having trade deficits for the time being . "
Accounting Information
Information about the transactions and events of a business is captured and summarized into reports that are used by persons interested in the entity .
If you were studying to be a surgeon , you would likely begin with some basic anatomy class .
If you persevere , you will be surprised at how much you discover about accounting .
The economic unit is generally considered to be a separate enterprise .
Business managers need accounting information to make sound leadership decisions .
Analysts use accounting data to form opinions on which they base investment recommendations .
Financial accounting is concerned with external reporting to parties outside the firm .
The diversity of interested parties leads to a logical division in the discipline of accounting : financial accounting and managerial accounting .
One may have trouble seeing the distinction ; after all , are n't financial facts being reported ?
The following paragraphs provide a closer look at the distinctions .
Consider that financial accounting is targeted toward a broad base of external users , none of whom control the actual preparation of reports or have access to underlying details .
Standardization derives from certain well organized processes and organizations .
The IASB and FASB are working toward convergence , such that there may soon be a single harmonious set of international financial reporting standards ( IFRS ) .
This means they are not prepared especially for owners , or creditors , or any other particular user group .
Managerial Accounting
Further , management may dictate the parameters under which such information is to be accumulated and presented .
A Quality System
The era of the " green eye-shaded " accountant has been relegated to the annals of history .
Considerable amounts of judgment and estimation are necessary to develop the specific accounting measurements that are reported during a particular month , quarter , or year .
One approach would be to wait three years before reporting on the profit or loss for this transaction .
In addition , accounting has not advanced to a state of being able to value a business .
For example , land is typically recorded and carried in the accounting records at the price at which it was purchased .
Such adjustments are problematic and the subject of much debate .
This debate is apt to continue , and the related accounting standards will likely be in an evolutionary state for many years to come .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Russia 's President Dmitry Medvedev is promoting a 40-year deal to sell gas to South Korea , and appealing for Korean industrial investment to help diversify Russia 's economy .
At the same time , Hyundai opened a $ 500-million auto assembly plant in St. Petersburg .
In Seoul this week , Russians are in talks with Korean companies to build ships , electric transformers , and offshore oil drilling platforms in Vladivostok , Russia 's major port on the Pacific .
" Regrettably , the eastern part of Russia is still under-developed and under-populated , " Petrov explains , " and Russia is trying to look at Korea as a potential developer and investor , and competitor to the Chinese developer and investor . "
Last year , South Korea started importing Russian oil through a new Siberian pipeline and Russian liquefied natural gas from Sakhalin Island .
Not all is roses with Korea .
In two attacks blamed on skinheads , one Korean student was killed and another was injured .
" The main problem in this region is the black hole of North Korea which is on the way between Russia , China and South Korea .
Before arriving in Seoul , he told a South Korean newspaper he is " uneasy " that North Korea 's nuclear-bomb testing range is slightly more than 100 kilometers from Vladivostok .
Ben Bernanke hits back at FED critics
" Currency undervaluation by surplus countries is inhibiting needed international adjustment , " he said in a speech to the European Central Bank
He also defended the Fed 's policy of " quantitative easing " , which has been criticised by China and Germany
The Chinese also argued the Fed had failed to take account of its responsibility for protecting the value of the dollar as a global reserve currency .
On the attack .
" For large , systemically important countries with persistent current account surpluses , the pursuit of export-led growth cannot ultimately succeed if the implications of that strategy for global growth and stability are not taken into account , " he said .
EVBCorpus
The Shanghai Composite index closed down 5 % on concerns that the government might shortly make a further attempt to control inflation .
Shortly before lunchtime , Paris ' Cac 40 was 0.7% lower .
Some analysts expect the government to intensify efforts to control price rises in the coming days .
Earlier sharp falls in European markets also coincided with the release of figures showing that the pace of economic recovery in Europe 's leading economies had declined in the third quarter .
But the figures were slightly lower than economists had been predicting .
Despite initial concerns from the Irish prime minister that the statement could be counterproductive , Irish bond yields fell , reflecting increased confidence in the likelihood that Irish government debt would be paid back in full .
Irish Finance Minister Brian Lenihan said the statement had shown the countries had " full confidence " in his government 's policies .
14 Principles of Management
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
He was of the firm belief that management is a universal activity irrespective of the field , which led him to develop the 14 principles of management .
2 . Authority and Responsibility : A manager or a superior must have a right to issue commands .
3 . Discipline : The employees must follow the rules and regulations of the organization .
5 . Unity of Direction : A group of workers under the same team and engaged in similar activities must be familiar with the objectives to be achieved and work toward the same objectives .
The management must always put the interests of the firm before anything else .
It motivates the workers to work better and greatly influences their productivity .
This rule implies that the number of decision makers of a company must be balanced and based on the company size .
10 . Order : By order , Fayol suggested maintaining a social and material order at the workplace .
12 . Stability of Tenure of Personnel : An organization runs better if the employee turnover is kept to a minimum .
Every employee can take it upon themselves and show an initiative in some way or another .
14 . Espirit de Corps : Espirit de Corps implies maintaining the morale among the employees .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Only London and the East of England registered property price rises compared with September .
Trend ?
Earlier this week , the Nationwide Building Society suggested that it was expecting house prices to continue to fall in the near future .
Anyone taking out a mortgage with the group from that date will revert to the new rate when their initial deal ends .
EVBCorpus
NO SPENDING PLAN
The " where does the money go ? " question frequently comes up because of spending on a day-to-day basis , without any sort of plan for taking care of needs and wants .
First , set up priorities : know your regular expenses ; determine what your goals are in relation to short-range long-range aims .
Take critical look at your expenses and weed out those that don't give real satisfaction .
There is a definite need to save so you have an emergency fund when unexpected expenses arise .
Using credit can be a real help or a trouble spot , depending upon how you use credit .
Be sure time installments fit into your budget and don't take on more than you can handle .
The real cost .
You receive a tax refund , a bonus or raise , perhaps an inheritance .
And poof , the money 's gone .
You 'll also save paying out interest charges .
Take all your big items and divide the total by 12 .
This is especially true of an automobile .
Figure on all the costs .
While depreciation is not an out-of-pocket cost , it does become one when the car is traded on another one .
Impulse buying--frittering away small amounts here and there on " little " things - can add up to a surprisingly big amount .
Then try to control these trouble spots .
You 'll buy more of those tempting goodies that can run up your bill .
Once you can resist the temptation of spending " small " amounts , you 'll have more money for the things you really want .
And advertisers help exert this pressure .
Before you buy , know the dealer the store 's reputation .
Don't be discouraged if the amount you can save looks pitifully small .
Does that seem a long time ?
Remember how quickly the past two years sped by ?
This money management mistake hits young people the hardest .
They often want to start off at a level that it may have taken their parents twenty-five years to reach .
Plus , a money management plan to help get the things wanted as soon as possible .
EVBCorpus
The European Union insists the nearly one-trillion-dollar bailout fund it established with the International Monetary Fund is more than adequate , but conceded that earlier stress tests to determine how well Europe 's biggest banks could handle the crisis were not tough enough .
Meanwhile , the head of the IMF expressed confidence that the worst is over , but urged European leaders to find new solutions .
Yet , the EU 's top monetary official , Ollie Rehn , remains confident .
For its part , the International Monetary Fund wants European leaders to implement bold new measures .
He said the situation in Europe remains serious , but he was confident about Greece and the future of the 16-nation euro zone .
Investors are worried the fund would be inadequate to rescue larger European economies such as Spain .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
promotion may be needed to trigger purchase .
Take auto ads .
furthermore I can't remember which car the ad featured .
Most ad agencies blame the lack of creativity on the client .
Clients wisely ask their agencies to come up with three ads , from mild to wild .
Would advertising create more satisfied clients than if our company spent the same money on making a better product , improving company service , or creating stronger brand experiences ?
The stronger your customer loyalty , the less you have to spend on advertising .
The advertising agency 's mantra is : " Early to bed , early to rise , work like hell , advertise . "
The ad 's mission can be one of four : to
Remind
With some products just bought , you want to reassure the purchaser and reinforce their decision .
1 . What is the main message you get from this ad ?
3 . How likely is it that this ad will influence you to undertake the implied action ?
6 . Where is the best place to reach you with this message - where would you be most likely to notice it and pay attention to it ?
A company works with the media department of the ad agency to define how much reach , frequency , and impact the ad campaign should achieve .
That is 1,800,000 exposures .
Then the campaign should cost $ 72,000 ( $ 20 × 3,600,000_1,000 ) .
There are trade-offs among reach , frequency and impact .
A welcome trend would be that advertisers pay advertising agencies on a pay-for-performance basis .
Now for measurement .
This is difficult to do , though , particularly with image ads .
Companies must try , ofcourse , to measure results of each ad medium and vehicle .
Don't maintain a fixed allocation of your advertising budget .
One thing is certain : Advertising dollars are wasted when spent to advertise inferior or indistinct products .
In fact , the quickest way to kill a poor product is to advertise it .
How much should you spend on advertising ?
Most ad agencies push for a " bigbang " budget and while this may be noticed , it hardly moves sales .
U.S. trade gap falls . Smaller surplus for China .
Smaller surplus for China .
Meanwhile , China announced that its trade surplus fell to $ 22.9 billion in November - a 16 % decrease over October 's $ 27.2 billion surplus , according to the state-controlled Xinhua news agency in China .
Exports and imports totaled $ 283.7 billion last month - a new record high - compared with $ 273.1 billion in September , the GAC said in a statement on its website .
China increased the requirements twice in November .
While the committee doesn't have specific jurisdiction over currency issues , the senators also echoed other cries from U.S. lawmakers that China needs to allow its currency , the yuan , to float more freely against the dollar .
A cheaper yuan gives an advantage to Chinese exporters by allowing them to undercut foreign competitors .
In their letter earlier this week , the 31 senators said they might follow suit .
China 's data is one month ahead of the U.S. report on its trade balance .
The Best And Worst Investing Advice
The Best And Worst Investing Advice
Sometimes that advice works out , sometimes it doesn't .
Advice to Reconsider
This theory holds that when some investments lose value , others will gain .
2 . Buy Term and Invest the Rest
Critics cite the low rate of return they provide and highlight how investing in the stock market can provide significantly greater gains .
While it is true that whole life policies pay low rates of interest , any positive rate of return beats the negative 40% delivered by the last bear market .
Money market accounts have been marketed as " safe " for so long that ( 401k ) plans often list them as " cash " .
The logic stated that investing your money would generate a greater return than paying off your mortgage .
When bear markets hit , this logic goes out the window .
Multiple years of hefty price declines debunked this myth .
Yes , there are exceptions , as a few markets always manage to stay positive , but not many investors manage to pick the right markets in advance .
None of those factors seemed to bother annuity investors who enjoy positive returns throughout even the worst bear markets .
Keep in mind that any idea is a good one until it doesn't work .
1 . Have a Plan
Having a comprehensive financial plan in place , understanding your goals , and proactively managing your investments are never bad ideas .
3 . Live Below Your Means
Even money market funds can be problematic .
From the SP 500 to real estate prices , this little truism has proven itself over and over again .
Apply common sense before handing over your money .
This product is not a deposit or other obligation of , or guaranteed by , the bank .
The Bottom Line
In the end , you 'll find what advice works best for you and your investing style .
Defining Illegal Insider Trading
Although there are legal forms of insider trading , the better you understand why illegal insider trading is a crime , the better you 'll understand how the market works .
What Is It and Why Is It Harmful ?
Because the information is not available to other investors , a person using such knowledge is trying to gain an unfair advantage over the rest of the market .
Under these conditions , one investor can gain an advantage over another only through acquiring skill in analyzing and interpreting available information .
The Law
The following are examples of material information : the announcement that the company will receive a tender offer , the declaration of a merger , a positive earnings announcement , the release of the company 's discovery such as a new drug , an upcoming dividend , an unreleased buy recommendation by an analyst and finally , an imminent exclusive in a financial news column .
Who Is an Insider ?
Sometimes it is easy to identify who insiders are : CEOs , executives and directors are of course directly exposed to material information before it 's made public .
2 . When history , pattern or practice show that a relationship has mutual confidentiality
Partners in Crime
The tipper is the person who has broken his or her fiduciary duty when he or she has consciously revealed inside information .
Both parties typically do so for a mutual monetary benefit .
It may be difficult for the SEC to prove whether or not a person is a tippee .
Excuses , Excuses
Take for example a neighbor who overhears a conversation between a CEO and her husband regarding confidential corporate information .
Conclusion
It is important for you to understand what illegal insider trading is because it may affect you as an investor and the company in which you are investing .
EVBCorpus
China Ready to Help Europe Return to Economic Health
The statement follows reports that China is ready to buy billions of dollars worth of Portuguese bonds .
This news helped the euro gain against the dollar , although China 's Central Bank has not confirmed it .
Jiang said the European Union will remain one of the major markets for China 's foreign exchange investment .
A month later , President Hu Jintao visited Portugal and , although he did not offer to buy Portuguese bonds , he did offer " concrete measures " to help that country 's weak economy .
China is the world 's largest holder of foreign exchange reserves .
New Year 's Planning For Business Owners
Every New Year , business owners should take the time to sit down and do a little planning to make sure that their company is on the right track and that it has the necessary tools to ensure that financial and operational goals will be met and that the firm 's employees will be happy with their working environment .
The beginning of the year may be the best time of year to review vendors .
Are current vendors providing good service and adapting to the business 's changing needs ?
Again , business owners will need to answer these questions in order to know whether they are getting good deals .
Equipment
That 's because identifying the business 's equipment needs early on the year can help the enterprise make its annual numbers .
If not , can the equipment last another year , and can the business sustain itself using the existing equipment ?
Employees
Furthermore , it 's important to realize that many workers tend to ponder their own futures at the end of a year .
At the beginning of the year , new rates for health insurance , business liability insurance , automobile insurance , umbrella policies and other insurances tend to come into effect and it 's a great time to go quote shopping .
Is the company adequately covered in terms of liability and does it have adequate fire and health insurance ?
Are insurance companies running multi-policy deals at the beginning of the year in order to garner your business ?
Are there any new insurance carriers that might be able to provide a competitive quote ?
( Note : Your state 's insurance commissioner and even the local phone book should be able to yield this information . )
Businesses looking to set up ( 401k ) , simplified employee pension ( SEP ) or other retirement plans should do so as early as possible during the year .
Again , getting an early jump on these efforts .
How much will the company need to contribute to the plan ?
However , from a number of perspectives - such as insurance , retirement planning , staffing , vendor and equipment needs - the New Year is a particularly opportune time to sit down and plan .
Brazil Finance Minister Mantega warns of trade war
Mr Mantega was speaking in an interview with the Financial Times newspaper .
" The exchange rate is one of the main drivers of economic policy , more so even than productivity , " he said .
The Brazilian real has increased by 39% against the US dollar in the last two years .
Women And Finances : Is There A Gender Bias ?
Women And Finances : Is There A Gender Bias ?
They first conformed to the expectation that they dress and act like male managers and executives whose jobs they aspired to - but they ultimately succeeded by understanding and accepting male business behavior , while embracing their own gender-unique traits to rival male professional success .
Regardless of relationship status , they can increasingly take full charge of their own financial fates by embracing and adapting for their unique fiscal gender characteristics .
The biggest gender difference is no surprise ; studies , such as the one published by the United States General Accounting Office in 2003 entitled " Women 's Earnings " , show that women are paid at a lower rate and earn significantly less overall than men - thus accruing lower Social Security benefits and retirement plan accumulations .
Total Work Time
Although men increasingly have joint custody , single women are more often custodial parents , requiring them to take more time off , work fewer hours or develop a scheduled work relationship ( such as telecommuting ) where they can work from home .
So it 's not surprising that they 're attracted to careers in traditional female-track or lower-paying jobs , where alternate work arrangements are usually more available .
Most significantly , women are controlling their work schedules by starting businesses - often from home when children are very young - to the tune of more than 10 million female ( majority-owned ) U.S. businesses .
So women who leave ultimately lucrative careers to become stay-at-home mothers are often forced to work for inadequate pay when the support runs out before they 've been able to catch up with experience , education , skills and experience needed for higher compensation .
Thus , a woman who spends several years earning small amounts while establishing a successful business doesn't get full credit for six-figure earnings once the business becomes successful .
Lower Raise Expectations
Expenses
Finally , even young women 's health care is more expensive - as reflected in an average $ 25 per month higher premiums for individual health insurance .
Attractive people tend to make better career progress in the business world .
Money Momma
Money Management and Investing
The Bottom Line
US Official : US-China Economic Relations at Turning Point
U.S. Commerce Secretary Gary Locke says the U.S. - China economic relationship is at a turning point and the two countries need to do more to cooperate and ease gross trade imbalances that in his view threaten global stability and prosperity .
" We are at a turning point in the U.S. - China economic partnership .
Locke 's remarks Thursday to members of the U.S. - China Business Council come just days before Chinese President Hu Jintao arrives for a state visit .
He says that while the United States and China are seeing examples of how cooperation can benefit both countries , there is still frustration with China 's commercial policies and its handling of intellectual property and other hurdles to market access .
But in some cases , he notes that there is still a big difference between China 's public statements condemning problems such as intellectual property violations and the reality on the ground .
China needs to be careful that the policy changes maintain social and economic stability .
5 Products That Failed And Why
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Some recent high-profile successful launches include such diverse products as Apple 's iPad and Pretzel MMs.
1 . New Coke
New Coke was abandoned within a few weeks and the original version was then resurrected as " Classic Coke . "
Despite a very expensive media blitz , this seethrough soda just did n't catch on .
McDonald 's launched this new burger - at a estimated cost of at least $ 150 million for the massive ad campaign - in 1996 , spinning it as a more sophisticated option for consumers and hoping to appeal to adults .
A New York Times story in late 1997 cited the Arch Deluxe as a major factor leading to McDonald 's sluggish financial growth the previous quarter .
Ben-Gay is most known for its unique strong smell - and this pain-relieving balm 's warming_burning sensation upon contact with skin .
5 . The Zune
Microsoft first introduced this portable media player in 2006 , with several new generations of the device to follow .
In a financial report covering the fiscal quarter ending in December 2008 , Microsoft said Zune revenues had decreased by 54% , or $ 100 million .
Laermer blames the bust on several factors , including software that was constantly changing and iPod 's head start of several years in the market .
Not every concept - even those that seem promising in the development and research stages - can survive the marketplace .
EVBCorpus
Food , clothing and shelter generally top the list of basic human needs .
1 . Eat at Home
Fast food is excluded from the category , as high-calorie , low-quality food can be had a bargain price , but the impact on your long-term health overrides the benefit of short-term savings .
Plan your meals for the week ahead , and make careful note of what you need to buy in order to prepare those meals .
3 . Put on Blinders
Because most necessities and basic cooking items are found along the outside perimeter of the store , start there and work your way around the edge of the store , only stepping into the maze to grab any leftover items on your list .
5 . Avoid Prepared Foods
Instead of putting that rotisserie chicken and macaroni salad in you cart , buy the ingredients and prepare the meal yourself .
The per-gallon cost is significantly less than the cost of bottled water - and without all the plastic bottles to discard , it 's a lot easier on the environment .
Every extra minute that you spend in the grocery store increases the likelihood of extra items finding their way into your cart , including toys and snacks designed to keep the kids quiet while you try to focus on finding a few bargains .
Pay attention to the prices and pick up the family size package if the per-unit cost is lower and you have a place to store it .
9 . Use Store Reward Cards
10 . Use Coupons
If you frequent a website of your favorite brands , they will often offer discounts to their faithful public .
Farmer 's markets , fairs , and the local aisle at your grocery store are all game for deals on tasty and fresh food .
Stores often place the most expensive items at eye-level .
Generic label products are often nearly identical to name-brand goods ( in fact , they 're often produced in the same factory ) , so do n't pay for packaging when what you really want is the food inside .
Those displays placed at the end of each aisle often feature premium brands .
Rather than grabbing those high-priced batteries or that extra box of cereal , walk down the aisle .
Using these lanes not only helps you avoid the temptation to spend your money on sweets , but it also encourages a healthier lifes tyle .
Some consumers have trouble calculating the cost per unit in their heads , but it 's something that gets a lot easier with practice .
The store that features the lowest average prices in your area is often the best place for routine shopping , but the higher-priced competitor may run sales on specific items that undercut the cost at your most frequented venue .
15 . Shop for Sales
16 . Watch " Best Before " or " Sell By " Dates
For example , grocery stores lower prices as meat ages .
And if you plan on freezing the food , " best before " dates should n't worry you ; the product will stay fresh until you thaw and cook it .
For instance , if you consistently bake with olive oil and you see that the price has skyrocketed , a simple switch to applesauce ( something that you might even be able to make if you have an apple tree ) is a great cheap and low-fat substitution for many recipes .
19 . Shop Infrequently
Hold off on your shopping until after you 've had a chance to clip coupons from the Sunday paper and you 'll not only enjoy the sales prices but you might also get a coupon .
Shopping during the evening or early morning also helps you avoid the crowds and spend less time in the store .
22 . Check Your Bill
Shop Smart
EVBCorpus
Japanese officials confirmed the estimates Monday , when they announced the country 's gross domestic product , the broadest measure of its economy , shrank in the final three months of 2010 .
But we now see signs of the economy picking up , as car sales and production seem to have bottomed out , " he said .
Although Japan 's economy still managed to beat expectations , growing 3.9 percent for the calendar year , it was n't enough to maintain Japan 's 40-year lock as the world 's second largest economy .
So we cannot be satisfied only with the total GDP .
Bank economist Masayuki Kichikawa says China 's growing economy is good for Japan , because it will mean more consumers for Japanese goods .
And probably China would become a very good market for Japan ," said Kichikawa .
Food crisis fears rise with commodities
Food crisis fears rise with commodities
CNN will examine in-depth the factors and direct impact of global price instability around the world .
Russia - still reeling from a drought that slashed wheat harvest by nearly 40% and spurred Moscow to ban exports last summer - hopes new , resilient strains of the crop will lead to a resumption of wheat exports .
But the tinderbox was built on high unemployment , corruption and rising food prices .
Rising food prices have driven nearly 44 million people into poverty since June , according to World Bank estimates released this week , pushing the number of chronically hungry toward 1 billion .
Fats and oils used in cooking rose 22% , according to the World Bank .
Nations in northern Africa and the Middle East - where arable land is scarce - scour Eastern Europe and Central Asia for grain deals .
" The fact you know that you need this much quantity to feed the people in Egypt and knowing that there is not that much quantity around the world makes you really scared , " Rachid told CNN .
Chinese food prices rose 10.3 % in January , raising concerns about the economy overheating .
" This is something we need to really pay attention to , because it impacts the most vulnerable : children , women , pregnant women and it really hits the poor , " said Iweala of the World Bank .
5 People Blamed For The Financial Crisis
Given the enormous and farreaching magnitude of the housing bubble , and the credit crisis and recession it produced , naming and shaming those responsible has turned into something of a cottage industry .
With that in mind , let us examine some of those who have drawn scrutiny for their roles in the crisis , as well as a few who may have unfairly escaped their share of blame .
David Lereah , former chief economist of the National Association of Realtors , was an outspoken promoter of the investment virtues of housing throughout the bubble .
Countrywide was such an aggressive underwriter of subprime loans that it has created a multi-billion dollar headache for Countrywide 's acquirer Bank of America as it resolves bad loan put-backs with Fannie , Freddie and private purchasers .
4 . Ratings Agencies
5 . Homebuyers
The Overseers
At the same time , a deregulatory mood among both parties in Congress led to less regulation and oversight of banks and new financial products like credit default swaps .
Federal Reserve Chairman
While Mr. Greenspan has been blamed for his policy of maintaining unusually low interest rates during the bubble period , it was actually his handoff approach to regulation that may have been more problematic .
Treasury Secretary
Geithner had been a strong advocate for bailouts and restructurings in the beginning that many now feel have been too generous to the banking industry .
Although it is clear now that there were many wrong-doers , it has yet to be seen whether those who have claimed to help solve or ease the crisis did in fact make things any better .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
This leads to the possibility of the lemons problem .
The lemons problem theory states that certain industries are susceptible to asymmetric information , which can lead to a decrease in product price because the buyer is unsure about any potential problems that the asset might have , and will thus demand a deep discount .
Asymmetric Info in Action
At a $ 10,000 average price point , only the sellers of low-quality cars will be willing to sell .
The utility of credence goods is difficult for a consumer to assess .
It is reasonable to assume that consumers are able to judge the value of goods such as food , office supplies and appliances .
In terms of an auto purchase , for example , the numerous problems facing the vehicle might not surface immediately after the purchase .
The " market mechanism " Akerlof refers to - where the bad drives out the good when only the average quality of goods in a market are considered - results in a no-trade equilibrium .
George Akerlof shared the 2001 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences with Michael Spence and Joseph Stiglitz for their research into asymmetric information .
Increase the Amount of Information
It is nearly impossible to provide every consumer with all the information they need to make an informed purchase decision in each instance , but if consumers can obtain enough information to make an educated decision , overall product quality can be increased , along with aggregate consumer satisfaction .
Consumers may be able to check a dealer 's track record on a website or they could find a list of local mechanics who can examine the used car before the purchase is made .
Of course , there is more than one solution to the problem of asymmetric information .
Almost all electronic device makers , for example , offer warranties
3 . External Product Certification
For example , credit card issuers are subject to consumer protection laws set forth by the government .
6 . Licensing
Social regulation is a significant measure taken by government when other consumer protection laws fail to provide adequate regulatory functions .
Access to information , coupled with other market and regulatory solutions , can reduce the probability of the lemons problem and increase product quality and overall consumer satisfaction .
EVBCorpus
Forbes magazine 's annual list shows there are now 1,210 billionaires around the world - that is 199 more than last year .
In terms of Asia-Pacific , the number increase of billionaires was almost 40 percent .
Mexican media mogul Carlos Slim retains the top spot with a net worth of $ 74 billion .
His hometown Moscow has 79 billionaires , the most of any major city .
Forbes editor Russell Flannery says Li 's success symbolizes the changes going on in China .
" I think it is good news .
It 's not just the Chinese who worry about the income gap .
" These are not people who are sitting on piles of jewels .
Despite a difficult recession for many , the wealth of the world 's billionaires is up 25 percent .
EVBCorpus
During World War II , you could buy a loaf of bread for $0.15 , a new car for less than $ 1,000 and an average house for around $ 5,000 .
When inflation surged to double-digit levels in the mid - to late-1970s , Americans declared it public enemy No.1 .
What causes inflation ?
What Is Inflation ?
As inflation rises , every dollar you own buys a smaller percentage of a good or service .
After inflation , your dollar ca n't buy the same goods it could beforehand .
Hyperinflation is unusually rapid inflation .
One of the most notable examples of hyperinflation occurred in Germany in 1923 , when prices rose 2,500% in one month !
In recent years , most developed countries have attempted to sustain an inflation rate of 2-3 % .
Demand-Pull Inflation - This theory can be summarized as " too much money chasing too few goods " .
Increased costs can include things such as wages , taxes , or increased costs of imports .
It also depends on whether inflation is anticipated or unanticipated .
Creditors lose and debtors gain if the lender does not anticipate inflation correctly .
People living off a fixed-income , such as retirees , see a decline in their purchasing power and , consequently , their standard of living .
The question should n't be whether inflation is rising , but whether it 's rising at a quicker pace than your wages .
As you can see , it 's not so easy to label inflation as either good or bad - it depends on the overall economy as well as your personal situation .
The cost of this basket is then compared over time .
The CPI measures price change from the perspective of the purchaser .
PPIs measure price change from the perspective of the seller .
They record the prices of about 80,000 items each month , which represent a scientifically selected sample of the prices paid by consumers for the goods and services purchased .
The Financial Effects Of A Natural Disaster
Today 's huge earthquake and tsunami sent home the idea that despite advances in building and infrastructure , we 're all subject to Mother Nature 's whims .
Besides loss of life , infrastructure destruction is by far the most obvious type of damage that comes to mind when we think about natural disasters .
The Unforeseen Problem
On a grand scale , that 's what happened after Hurricane Katrina ravaged the Gulf coast back in 2005 - as companies reeled from catastrophic losses , millions of workers in Louisiana , Texas and Mississippi were left jobless , compounding the already staggering poverty problem in the region .
The Commodity Effect and Scarcity
Less obvious - but perhaps even more significant - are the effects that a natural disaster can have on commodity prices .
Similar things happened in the copper market as earthquakes in Chile choked production and inflated copper prices worldwide .
The Bottom Line
Understanding the economic implications of a disaster is the first step toward that .
Is Gold A Safe Investment ?
Is Gold A Safe Investment ?
Gold , in its raw state , is primarily used for investment , as in gold coins or bullion , and for jewelry or other adornments .
Real Demand ?
But with little no dividends or income from interest , it 's a bet on the whimsy of investors .
But when fear falls and other investments start to look more appealing , one has to wonder if gold will still be thought of as valuable .
It 's important to note that gold does n't back our currency , and we are n't going back to the gold standard ( even though some say otherwise ) .
The price of gold and the value of the dollar may have some periods where they move closer together , but they are n't linked as they once were .
For example , in the early 1970s , inflation spiked but gold barely budged .
Conclusion
Be cautious : shiny objects can be mesmerizing .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The region in the bank 's annual economic report - 45 developing or newly industrializing Asian economies , excluding Japan - is forecast to grow 7.8 percent in 2011 and 7.7 percent in 2012 .
Asia 's developing countries are home to two-thirds of the world 's poor - about 600 million people - who tend to spend more of their incomes on food and will be hit harder by rising food prices .
Higher oil prices stemming from unrest in the Middle East could also undermine the region 's recovery , the bank said , while also noting that the leaking radiation crisis at a Japanese nuclear plant hit by the tsunami is raising concerns about nuclear generation as an energy source .
Assuming Japan 's nuclear reactor crisis does n't deteriorate significantly , the disaster 's long-term impact on growth would not be dire and may even nudge it higher as the country spends on reconstruction .
Export growth will also slow as demand from major Western markets remains sluggish .
India 's economy , which grew 8.6 percent in 2010 , is forecast to expand 8.2 percent in 2011 before strengthening to 8.8 percent in 2012 .
Indonesia , Vietnam and Cambodia are expected to expand more than 6 percent this year and next .
EVBCorpus
The traditional definition of assets defines an asset as anything you own that has some monetary value .
But how are either of these " assets " helping you become wealthy .
In terms of wealth creation we can define assets as either Good assets or Bad assets .
They are things like stocks , bonds , mutual funds , commodities , investment real estate , futures , options , hedge funds , and so on .
They are things your car , house , clothes , TV , stereo , mobile phone , furniture , CDs , Xbox , boat , and so on .
The types of assets you own as well as the amount of you own largely determines which wealth class you 're in .
The problem is that people often do n't distinguish between good and bad assets .
Wealthy : Minimal Bad Assets and Loads of Good Assets ( compared to their wealth )
3 . Portfolio - paper investments such as stocks , bonds and mutual funds
a . real estate , royalties from patents , license agreements
3 . Portfolio investments - paper investments such as stocks , bonds , mutual funds and insurance
These assets will continually provide income whether their owner works or not and can be owned to a theoretically unlimited degree , which means that the income they produce is theoretically unlimited .
The poor do n't realize this , which is why they earn an individual type income and concentrate on getting marginal increases in their salaries that are always limited .
The United Nations says governments in the region need to better control inflation or else millions more people could be impoverished .
The cost for wheat jumped by nearly 80 percent in the past year , while cooking oil is up by 65 percent .
The retail price of rice , Asia 's main staple , is up in Bangladesh by 33 percent and in China and Indonesia by 23 percent .
" So , we need to really pay attention in these countries that food prices are restrained as much as possible then side-by-side we pay attention to enhancing the agriculture productivity . "
EVBCorpus
Things had been tough since his mom died .
Whenever he and Ethan talked , it usually ended in yelling .
Ethan knew where his dad kept his guns .
He did n't want Grace to be the person to find him , so he put the gun back and went to watch TV with her instead .
Later , when he realized how close he 'd come to ending his life , Ethan was terrified .
Why do teens try to kill themselves ?
Like Ethan , they did n't want to die but they wanted to escape from what was going on .
Some people who end their lives or attempt suicide might be trying to escape feelings of rejection , hurt , or loss .
We all feel overwhelmed by difficult emotions or situations sometimes .
What makes a person unable to see another way out of a bad situation besides ending his or her life ?
Depression
Someone with severe depression is unable to see the possibility of a good outcome and may believe they will never be happy or things will never go right for them again .
A teen with depression may feel like there 's no other way out of problems , no other escape from emotional pain , or no other way to communicate their desperate unhappiness .
The person can find pleasure , energy , and hope again .
For people with this condition , it can be a challenge to keep problems in perspective and act with good judgment .
Misuse of these substances can bring on serious depression .
That 's especially true for some teens who already have a tendency to depression because of their biology , family history , or other life stressors .
In addition to their depressive effects , alcohol and drugs alter a person 's judgment .
But these conditions - especially both together - increase a person 's risk for suicide .
We had a week of it
They ca n't say how they feel , so , for them , attempting suicide feels like the only way to get their message across .
Here are some of them :
* talking about feeling hopeless or feeling guilty
* experiencing changes in eating or sleeping habits
Depression is powerful .
If you ca n't talk to a parent , talk to a coach , a relative , a school counselor , a religious leader , or a teacher .
They are there to help you figure out how to work through tough situations .
Talking things through may also give the person an opportunity to consider other solutions to problems .
Even if a friend or classmate swears you to secrecy , you must get help as soon as possible - your friend 's life could depend on it .
You can find local suicide crisis or hotline numbers listed in your phone book .
This can leave loved ones feeling not only grief stricken but guilty and wondering if they missed something .
If you 've been close to someone who has attempted or committed suicide , it can help to talk with a therapist or counselor - someone who is trained in dealing with this complex issue .
There are many social , academic , and personal pressures .
Some teens worry about sexuality and relationships , wondering if their feelings and attractions are normal , or if they will be loved and accepted .
These problems can be difficult and draining - and can lead to depression if they go on too long without relief or support .
People are better able to deal with tough circumstances when they have at least one person who believes in them , wants the best for them , and in whom they can confide .
* Be around people who are caring and positive .
It can also help to join a support network for people who are going through the same problems - for example , anorexia and body image issues , living with an alcoholic family member , or sexuality and sexual health concerns .
EVBCorpus
Let me -- let me express -- let me express my thanks to the historic slate of candidates who accompanied me on this journey , and especially the one who traveled the farthest , a champion for working Americans and an inspiration to my daughters and to yours , Hillary Rodham Clinton .
Four years ago , I stood before you and told you my story , of the brief union between a young man from Kenya and a young woman from Kansas who were n't well-off or well-known , but shared a belief that in America their son could achieve whatever he put his mind to .
We are a better country than this .
Tonight , tonight , I say to the people of America , to Democrats and Republicans and independents across this great land : Enough .
On November 4th , we must stand up and say : Eight is enough .
But the record 's clear :
The truth is , on issue after issue that would make a difference in your lives - on health care , and education , and the economy - Senator McCain has been anything but independent .
A nation of whiners ?
They work hard , and they give back , and they keep going without complaint .
Why else would he define middle-class as someone making under $ 5 million a year ?
It 's not because John McCain does n't care ; it 's because John McCain does n't get it .
Out of work ?
Pull yourself up by your own bootstraps , even if you do n't have boots .
You see , we Democrats have a very different measure of what constitutes progress in this country .
The fundamentals we use to measure economic strength are whether we are living up to that fundamental promise that has made this country great , a promise that is the only reason I am standing here tonight .
And when I hear a woman talk about the difficulties of starting her own business or making her way in the world , I think about my grandmother , who worked her way up from the secretarial pool to middle management , despite years of being passed over for promotions because she was a woman .
And although she can no longer travel , I know that she 's watching tonight and that tonight is her night , as well .
These are my heroes .
It 's a promise that says the market should reward drive and innovation and generate growth , but that businesses should live up to their responsibilities to create American jobs , to look out for American workers , and play by the rules of the road .
Our government should work for us , not against us .
That 's the promise we need to keep .
You know , unlike John McCain , I will stop giving tax breaks to companies that ship jobs overseas , and I will start giving them to companies that create good jobs right here in America .
Washington has been talking about our oil addiction for the last 30 years .
Now is the time to end this addiction and to understand that drilling is a stop-gap measure , not a long-term solution , not even close .
I 'll make it easier for the American people to afford these new cars .
Now is the time to finally meet our moral obligation to provide every child a world-class education , because it will take nothing less to compete in the global economy .
I 'll invest in early childhood education .
Now is the time to finally keep the promise of affordable , accessible health care for every single American .
Now is the time to help families with paid sick days and better family leave , because nobody in America should have to choose between keeping their job and caring for a sick child or an ailing parent .
But I will also go through the federal budget line by line , eliminating programs that no longer work and making the ones we do need work better and cost less , because we cannot meet 21st-century challenges with a 20th-century bureaucracy .
Yes , we must provide more ladders to success for young men who fall into lives of crime and despair .
If John McCain wants to have a debate about who has the temperament and judgment to serve as the next commander-in-chief , that 's a debate I 'm ready to have .
And today , as my call for a timeframe to remove our troops from Iraq has been echoed by the Iraqi government and even the Bush administration , even after we learned that Iraq has $ 79 billion in surplus while we are wallowing in deficit , John McCain stands alone in his stubborn refusal to end a misguided war .
You do n't protect Israel and deter Iran just by talking tough in Washington .
We are the party of Kennedy .
As commander-in-chief , I will never hesitate to defend this nation , but I will only send our troops into harm 's way with a clear mission and a sacred commitment to give them the equipment they need in battle and the care and benefits they deserve when they come home .
I will build new partnerships to defeat the threats of the 21st century : terrorism and nuclear proliferation , poverty and genocide , climate change and disease .
But what I will not do is suggest that the senator takes his positions for political purposes .
I love this country , and so do you , and so does John McCain .
America , our work will not be easy .
The challenges we face require tough choices .
We may not agree on abortion , but surely we can agree on reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies in this country .
But this , too , is part of America 's promise , the promise of a democracy where we can find the strength and grace to bridge divides and unite in common effort .
If you do n't have a record to run on , then you paint your opponent as someone people should run from .
When Washington does n't work , all its promises seem empty .
I do n't fit the typical pedigree , and I have n't spent my career in the halls of Washington .
For 18 long months , you have stood up , one by one , and said , " Enough , " to the politics of the past .
Change happens because the American people demand it , because they rise up and insist on new ideas and new leadership , a new politics for a new time .
Because I 've seen it in Illinois , when we provided health care to more children and moved more families from welfare to work .
You know , this country of ours has more wealth than any nation , but that 's not what makes us rich .
That promise is our greatest inheritance .
The men and women who gathered there could 've heard many things .
" We cannot walk alone , " the preacher cried .
Not with so many children to educate , and so many veterans to care for ;
We cannot walk alone .
God bless you .
Senator John McCain 's Concession Speech
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Thank you for coming here on this beautiful Arizona evening .
Please .
This is an historic election , and I recognize the special significance it has for African-Americans and for the special pride that must be theirs tonight .
Senator Obama believes that , too .
There is no better evidence of this than the election of an African American to the presidency of the United States .
Though our faith assures , she is at rest in the presence of her creator and so very proud of the good man she helped raise .
And I pledge to him tonight to do all in my power to help him lead us through the many challenges we face .
It is natural .
And though we fell short , the failure is mine , not yours .
But your support and friendship never wavered .
I am especially grateful to my wife , Cindy , my children , my dear mother and all my family and to the many old and dear friends who have stood by my side through the many ups and downs of this long campaign .
All I can offer in compensation is my love and gratitude , and the promise of more peaceful years ahead .
To all my campaign comrades , from Rick Davis and Steve Schmidt and Mark Salter , to every last volunteer who fought so hard and valiantly month after month in what at times seemed to be the most challenged campaign in modern times , thank you so much .
Every candidate makes mistakes , and I 'm sure I made my share of them .
I would not -- I would not be an -- an American worthy of the name , should I regret a fate that has allowed me the extraordinary privilege of serving this country for a half a century .
I wish Godspeed to the man who was my former opponent and will be my president .
We never surrender .
Thank you all very much .
Obama 's victory speech
It 's the answer spoken by young and old , rich and poor , Democrat and Republican , black , white , Hispanic , Asian , Native American , gay , straight , disabled and not disabled - Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been just a collection of individuals or a collection of Red States and Blue States : we are , and always will be , the United States of America .
A little bit earlier this evening I received an extraordinarily gracious call from Senator McCain .
I congratulate him , I congratulate Governor Palin , for all they have achieved , and I look forward to working with them to renew this nation 's promise in the months ahead .
And while she 's no longer with us , I know my grandmother is watching , along with the family that made me .
To my sister Maya , my sister Auma , all my other brothers and sisters - thank you so much for all the support you have given me .
To my campaign manager David Plouffe , the unsung hero of this campaign , who built the best political campaign in the history of the United States of America .
I was never the likeliest candidate for this office .
It grew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation 's apathy .
This is your victory .
For even as we celebrate tonight , we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime - two wars , a planet in peril , the worst financial crisis in a century .
REMAKING THE NATION
I promise you - we as a people will get there .
I will listen to you , especially when we disagree .
This victory alone is not the change we seek - it is only the chance for us to make that change .
Let us remember that if this financial crisis taught us anything , it 's that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers - in this country , we rise or fall as one nation ; as one people .
As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours : " We are not enemies , but friends … though passion may have strained it must not break our bonds of affection . "
To those who would tear the world down - we will defeat you .
Our union can be perfected .
But one that 's on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta .
She was born just a generation past slavery ; a time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky ; when someone like her could n't vote for two reasons - because she was a woman and because of the colour of her skin .
Yes , we can .
Yes , we can .
And this year , in this election , she touched her finger to a screen , and cast her vote , because after 106 years in America , through the best of times and the darkest of hours , she knows how America can change .
THIS IS OUR MOMENT
So tonight , let us ask ourselves - if our children should live to see the next century ; if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper , what change will they see ?
This is our time - to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids ; to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace ; to reclaim the American dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth - that out of many , we are one ; that while we breathe , we hope , and where we are met with cynicism and doubt , and those who tell us that we ca n't , we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people : yes , we can .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Hello everyone - how 's everybody doing today ?
I know that for many of you , today is the first day of school .
I know that feeling .
When I was young , my family lived in Indonesia for a few years , and my mother did n't have the money to send me where all the American kids went to school .
But whenever I 'd complain , my mother would just give me one of those looks and say , " This is no picnic for me either , buster . "
Now I 've given a lot of speeches about education .
I 've talked about your teachers " responsibility for inspiring you , and pushing you to learn .
I 've talked a lot about your government 's responsibility for setting high standards , supporting teachers and principals , and turning around schools that are n't working where students are n't getting the opportunities they deserve .
I want to start with the responsibility you have to yourself .
That 's the opportunity an education can provide .
And no matter what you want to do with your life - I guarantee that you 'll need an education to do it .
You want to be a nurse or an architect , a lawyer or a member of our military ?
You ca n't drop out of school and just drop into a good job .
And this is n't just important for your own life and your own future .
You 'll need the insights and critical thinking skills you gain in history and social studies to fight poverty and homelessness , crime and discrimination , and make our nation more fair and more free .
We need every single one of you to develop your talents , skills and intellect so you can help solve our most difficult problems .
I know a lot of you have challenges in your lives right now that can make it hard to focus on your schoolwork .
I know what that 's like .
There were times when I was lonely and felt like I did n't fit in .
But I was fortunate .
But they worked hard , and she worked hard , so that she could go to the best schools in this country
Maybe you live in a neighborhood where you do n't feel safe , or have friends who are pressuring you to do things you know are n't right .
Where you are right now does n't have to determine where you 'll end up .
That 's what young people like you are doing every day , all across America .
But she worked hard , earned good grades , got a scholarship to Brown University , and is now in graduate school , studying public health , on her way to being Dr. Jazmin Perez .
And then there 's Shantell Steve , from my hometown of Chicago , Illinois
But they refused to give up .
Your goal can be something as simple as doing all your homework , paying attention in class , or spending time each day reading a book
Maybe you 'll decide to stand up for kids who are being teased or bullied because of who they are or how they look , because you believe , like I do , that all kids deserve a safe environment to study and learn .
And along those lines , I hope you 'll all wash your hands a lot , and stay home from school when you do n't feel well , so we can keep people from getting the flu this fall and winter .
I know that sometimes , you get the sense from TV that you can be rich and successful without any hard work -- that your ticket to success is through rapping or basketball or being a reality TV star , when chances are , you 're not going to be any of those things .
Not every homework assignment will seem completely relevant to your life right this minute .
JK Rowling 's first Harry Potter book was rejected twelve times before it was finally published
These people succeeded because they understand that you ca n't let your failures define you - you have to let them teach you
If you get a bad grade , that does n't mean you 're stupid , it just means you need to spend more time studying
You do n't hit every note the first time you sing a song .
You 've got to practice
Do n't be afraid to ask questions .
It shows you have the courage to admit when you do n't know something , and to learn something new .
Because when you give up on yourself , you give up on your country
The story of America is n't about people who quit when things got tough .
Students who sat where you sit 75 years ago who overcame a Depression and won a world war ; who fought for civil rights and put a man on the moon .
What discoveries will you make ?
But you 've got to do your part too .
So do n't let us down - do n't let your family or your country or yourself down .
Thank you , God bless you , and God bless America .
Martin Luther King , Jr.
Five score years ago , a great American , in whose symbolic shadow we stand today , signed the Emancipation Proclamation .
One hundred years later , the life of the Negro is still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination .
In a sense we 've come to our nation 's capital to cash a check .
This note was a promise that all men , yes , black men as well as white men , would be guaranteed the " unalienable Rights " of " Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness . "
Instead of honoring this sacred obligation , America has given the Negro people a bad check , a check which has come back marked " insufficient funds . "
We refuse to believe that there are insufficient funds in the great vaults of opportunity of this nation .
And so , we 've come to cash this check , a check that will give us upon demand the riches of freedom and the security of justice .
This is no time to engage in the luxury of cooling off or to take the tranquilizing drug of gradualism .
Now is the time to lift our nation from the quicksands of racial injustice to the solid rock of brotherhood .
This sweltering summer of the Negro 's legitimate discontent will not pass until there is an invigorating autumn of freedom and equality .
The whirlwinds of revolt will continue to shake the foundations of our nation until the bright day of justice emerges .
We must not allow our creative protest to degenerate into physical violence .
We cannot walk alone .
We can never be satisfied as long as the Negro is the victim of the unspeakable horrors of police brutality .
We cannot be satisfied as long as the negro 's basic mobility is from a smaller ghetto to a larger one .
I am not unmindful that some of you have come here out of great trials and tribulations .
Continue to work with the faith that unearned suffering is redemptive .
It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream .
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character .
I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted , and every hill and mountain shall be made low , the rough places will be made plain , and the crooked places will be made straight ; " and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together . " 2
With this faith , we will be able to work together , to pray together , to struggle together , to go to jail together , to stand up for freedom together , knowing that we will be free one day .
From every mountainside , let freedom ring !
And so let freedom ring from the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire .
Let freedom ring from the curvaceous slopes of California .
Let freedom ring from Stone Mountain of Georgia .
Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi .
From every mountainside , let freedom ring .
Free at last !
3 Quick Questions That Can Help You to Cut the Irrelevant Stuff Out of Your Life - By Henrik Edberg
3 Quick Questions That Can Help You to Cut the Irrelevant Stuff Out of Your Life - By Henrik Edberg
- African Proverb
It can help you to find more time for the things that are fun and really important to you .
1 . Who cares ?
Or whenever you feel an overwhelming need to be right in some discussion .
But it 's a dirty high .
Asking yourself " who cares ? " is a way to lighten up , to not take every little thing so seriously .
If you are lost in what to do next in your day , week or life , ask yourself this question .
This one can really puts things into perspective .
It 's a bit similar to the first question , so try them both when faced with a appropriate situation and find out what works best for you .
EVBCorpus
Declaration of Independence
That to secure these rights , governments are instituted among men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed .
Such has been the patient sufferance of these colonies ; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former systems of government .
He has refused his assent to laws , the most wholesome and necessary for the public good .
He has dissolved representative houses repeatedly , for opposing with manly firmness his invasions on the rights of the people .
For that purpose obstructing the laws for naturalization of foreigners ; refusing to pass others to encourage their migration hither , and raising the conditions of new appropriations of lands .
He has affected to render the military independent of and superior to civil power .
For cutting off our trade with all parts of the world :
For abolishing the free system of English laws in a neighboring province , establishing therein an arbitrary government , and enlarging its boundaries so as to render it at once an example and fit instrument for introducing the same absolute rule in these colonies :
He has abdicated government here , by declaring us out of his protection and waging war against us .
He has constrained our fellow citizens taken captive on the high seas to bear arms against their country , to become the executioners of their friends and brethren , or to fall themselves by their hands .
A prince , whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a tyrant , is unfit to be the ruler of a free people .
We have appealed to their native justice and magnanimity , and we have conjured them by the ties of our common kindred to disavow these usurpations , which , would inevitably interrupt our connections and correspondence .
We must , therefore , acquiesce in the necessity , which denounces our separation , and hold them , as we hold the rest of mankind , enemies in war , in peace friends .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
We observe today not a victory of party , but a celebration of freedom - symbolizing an end , as well as a beginning - signifying renewal , as well as change .
The world is very different now .
We dare not forget today that we are the heirs of that first revolution .
Let every nation know , whether it wishes us well or ill , that we shall pay any price , bear any burden , meet any hardship , support any friend , oppose any foe , to assure the survival and the success of liberty .
To those old allies whose cultural and spiritual origins we share , we pledge the loyalty of faithful friends .
United there is little we cannot do in a host of cooperative ventures .
But we shall always hope to find them strongly supporting their own freedom and to remember that , in the past , those who foolishly sought power by riding the back of the tiger ended up inside .
If a free society cannot help the many who are poor , it cannot save the few who are rich .
But this peaceful revolution of hope cannot become the prey of hostile powers .
To that world assembly of sovereign states , the United Nations , our last best hope in an age where the instruments of war have far outpaced the instruments of peace , we renew our pledge of support - to prevent it from becoming merely a forum for invective , to strengthen its shield of the new and the weak , and to enlarge the area in which its writ may run .
But neither can two great and powerful groups of nations take comfort from our present course -- both sides overburdened by the cost of modern weapons , both rightly alarmed by the steady spread of the deadly atom , yet both racing to alter that uncertain balance of terror that stays the hand of mankind 's final war .
Let both sides , for the first time , formulate serious and precise proposals for the inspection and control of arms , and bring the absolute power to destroy other nations under the absolute control of all nations .
Together let us explore the stars , conquer the deserts , eradicate disease , tap the ocean depths , and encourage the arts and commerce .
All this will not be finished in the first one hundred days .
In your hands , my fellow citizens , more than mine , will rest the final success or failure of our course .
Now the trumpet summons us again - not as a call to bear arms , though arms we need - not as a call to battle , though embattled we are - but a call to bear the burden of a long twilight struggle , year in and year out , " re joicing in hope ; patient in tribulation , " a struggle against the common enemies of man : tyranny , poverty , disease , and war itself .
In the long history of the world , only a few generations have been granted the role of defending freedom in its hour of maximum danger .
And the glow from that fire can truly light the world .
Finally , whether you are citizens of America or citizens of the world , ask of us here the same high standards of strength and sacrifice which we ask of you .
EVBCorpus
President Hoover , Mr. Chief Justice , my friends :
And I am certain that on this day my fellow Americans expect that on my induction into the Presidency , I will address them with a candor and a decision which the present situation of our people impels .
This great Nation will endure , as it has endured , will revive and will prosper .
So , first of all , let me assert my firm belief that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself - nameless , unreasoning , unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance .
They concern , thank God , only material things .
And yet our distress comes from no failure of substance .
Nature still offers her bounty and human efforts have multiplied it .
True , they have tried .
Faced by failure of credit , they have proposed only the lending of more money .
They only know the rules of a generation of self-seekers .
They have no vision , and when there is no vision the people perish .
Yes , the money changers have fled from their high seats in the temple of our civilization .
The measure of that restoration lies in the extent to which we apply social values more noble than mere monetary profit .
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money ;
These dark days , my friends , will be worth all they cost us if they teach us that our true destiny is not to be ministered unto but to minister to ourselves , to our fellow men .
Restoration calls , however , not for changes in ethics alone .
Our greatest primary task is to put people to work .
Hand in hand with that we must frankly recognize the overbalance of population in our industrial centers and , by engaging on a national scale in a redistribution , endeavor to provide a better use of the land for those best fitted for the land .
It can be helped by preventing realistically the tragedy of the growing loss through foreclosure of our small homes and our farms .
There are many ways in which it can be helped , but it can never be helped by merely talking about it .
And finally , in our progress towards a resumption of work , we require two safeguards against a return of the evils of the old order .
These , my friends , are the lines of attack .
I favor , as a practical policy , the putting of first things first .
The basic thought that guides these specific means of national recovery is not nationally -- narrowly nationalistic .
It is the strongest assurance that recovery will endure .
We are , I know , ready and willing to submit our lives and our property to such discipline , because it makes possible a leadership which aims at the larger good .
Our Constitution is so simple , so practical that it is possible always to meet extraordinary needs by changes in emphasis and arrangement without loss of essential form .
But it may be that an unprecedented demand and need for undelayed action may call for temporary departure from that normal balance of public procedure .
But , in the event that the Congress shall fail to take one of these two courses , in the event that the national emergency is still critical , I shall not evade the clear course of duty that will then confront me .
We face the arduous days that lie before us in the warm courage of national unity ; with the clear consciousness of seeking old and precious moral values ; with the clean satisfaction that comes from the stern performance of duty by old and young alike .
We aim at the assurance of a rounded , a permanent national life .
In their need they have registered a mandate that they want direct , vigorous action .
In the spirit of the gift I take it .
Sleeping pills - What 's best for you
EVBCorpus
Sleep just won't come .
You look anxiously at the clock again .
In these circumstances , it 's often tempting to reach for a sleeping pill , but there are important things you need to know first .
Persistent insomnia is usually a symptom of an underlying medical or psychological problem that cannot be treated with sleep medications .
Sometimes sleep medications are used briefly at the beginning of behavioral treatment for insomnia , especially if the sleep deprivation has been severe .
The trouble with sleeping pills , over-the-counter sleep aids
* Side effects .
* Drug tolerance .
You may come to rely on the medication to sleep , and will be unable to sleep or have even worse sleep without it .
If you stop the medication abruptly , you may have withdrawal symptoms , such as nausea , sweating and shaking .
* Drug interactions .
If you are taking other medications , sleeping medications can interact with them .
* Rebound insomnia .
If you need to stop the medication , sometimes the insomnia can become even worse than before .
* Masking an underlying problem .
Side effects of sleep medications
Some serious risks of sleeping pills
Sedative-hypnotic drug products ( benzodiazepines and non-benzodiazepines ) can cause severe allergic reaction , facial swelling , memory lapses , hallucinations , and complex sleep-related behaviors .
Does newer mean better and safer for sleep medications ?
An older medication may work just as well depending on the type of insomnia you have and other medical considerations .
Over-the-counter sleep aids
However , histamine , a chemical messenger in the brain , promotes wakefulness , so antihistamine has the effect of making some patients feel sleepy .
Others , such as NyQuil , combine antihistamines with alcohol .
Sleep experts generally advise against the use of over-the-counter sleep aids because of side-effects , questions about their effectiveness , and lack of information about their safety over the long-term .
This is especially important if you have glaucoma , trouble urinating due to an enlarged prostate gland , or a breathing problem such as emphysema or chronic bronchitis .
Common side effects of OTC sleep aids
* Dizziness and forgetfulness
* Dry mouth and throat
In general , the medications act by working on receptors in the brain to slow down the nervous system .
Benzodiazepine sedative hypnotic sleeping pills
Benzodiazepines as a group are thought to have a higher risk of dependence than other insomnia sedative hypnotics .
Primarily used to treat anxiety disorders , benzodiazepines approved to treat insomnia include :
* Temazepam ( Restoril )
Use of sleeping medications , especially benzodiazepines , can become troublesome for several reasons :
In as little as three to four weeks , benzodiazepines can become no more effective than a sugar pill .
* You may experience next day cognitive slowing and drowsiness ( the hangover effect ) , which may be even greater than from sleep deprivation .
Non-benzodiazepine sedative hypnotic sleeping pills
* Eszopiclone ( Lunesta )
* Zolpidem ( Ambien )
Side-effects include :
* Headaches , dizziness , nausea
However , some physicians believe insomnia is related to depression .
Talk to your doctor about
* Other medications you are taking .
In some cases , stopping medication abruptly can cause uncomfortable side effects and even rebound insomnia .
This is not appropriate with all medications , as some cause withdrawal symptoms when stopped abruptly .
* Only take a sleeping pill when you do n't have enough time to get a full night of sleep ( 7 to 8 hours ) .
* Never drink alcohol near the time when you take a sleeping pill .
* Never drive a car or operate machinery after taking a sleeping pill , especially when you first start taking a new sleep aid , as you may not know how it will affect you .
Herbs and natural sleep aids
St. John 's Wort , for example , can limit the effectiveness of many prescribed medications such as blood thinners , birth control pills and some anticancer medications .
Herbal sleep aids
Many people drink chamomile tea for its gentle sedative properties , although it may cause allergic reactions in those with plant or pollen allergies .
It is triggered by dark and levels remain elevated throughout the night until light decreases it .
Tryptophan , L-tryptophan
Some studies have shown that L-tryptophan can help people fall asleep faster .
Research has shown that changing your sleep environment and bedtime behaviors is one of the most effective ways to combat insomnia .
Many people complain that frustrating , negative thoughts and worries prevent them from sleeping at night .
Falling in love costs you friends
Falling in love comes at the cost of losing two close friends , a study says .
" People who are in romantic relationships - instead of having the typical five ( individuals ) on average , they only have four in that circle , " explained Robin Dunbar , a professor of evolutionary anthropology at Oxford .
He has previously shown that the maximum number of friends it is realistically possible to engage is about 150 .
These are people who we see at least once a week ; people we go to at moments of crisis .
The results confirmed the widely held view that love can lead to a smaller support network , with typically one family member and one friend being pushed out to accommodate the new lover .
" What I suspect happens is that your attention is so wholly focussed on your romantic partner that you just do n't get to see the other folks you have a lot to do with , and therefore some of those relationships just start to deteriorate and drop down into the layer below . "
The secrets of Britain 's abandoned villages
He was , in her words , crying like a baby .
Imber , once a Saxon settlement , is one of thousands of British ex-villages - once thriving communities that succumbed to natural or human forces , like disease , coastal erosion , industrial decline , reservoirs or war .
The anguish of Mr Nash shows the pain that such events in history can wreak on families and communities .
" Albert was very upset and it hit him very hard .
After leaving Imber and the vicarage where he worked , Ken 's father became a labourer on a farm about 15 miles away , and took his wife and three children there , although a year later Ken joined the Army .
Dismay and disappointment , yes , but the anger took a long time .
The story of Imber has long fascinated Rex Sawyer , a former headmaster in Wiltshire and author of Little Imber on the Down , and he says it 's now part of the county 's identity .
Villages , hamlets and farms have been moving around since the Neolithic Age , when people settled down for the first time , says Trevor Rowley , author of Deserted Villages , although some periods in history such as the Black Death in the late Middle Ages , have been more turbulent than others .
Although some people affected were rehoused , many others took up a life of squatting while the most unfortunate turned to vagrancy .
" I wanted to know what it was like for people forced to leave their homes and land , and how they coped afterwards .
Dunwich in Suffolk was a very important port in the Middle Ages but it was washed away by the sea , in a process that probably happened over hundreds of years .
Still today , there are reminders of abandonments of the past - a solitary church or a strange bump on the landscape .
EVBCorpus
The United Nations Children 's Fund says nearly seventy-two million children were not in school in 2007 .
ANTHONY LAKE : " Unless we all work harder , there may still be fifty-six million children out of school in 2015 . "
Educated girls are also at lower risk of violence , abuse and diseases like H.I.V./AIDS .
The initiative was launched in Dakar ten years ago .
He said girls in one Dakar school told him about a lack of bathrooms and textbooks for them , and bullying from boys .
ANN-THERESE NDONG-JATTA : " But the truth is , seventy-five percent of the children fail . "
To stay in school , experts say children must consider their education useful -- and so must their parents .
One lesson is about diarrhea .
Dealing with divorce
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
But when it happens to you , you can feel very alone and unsure of what it all means .
Parents divorce for many reasons .
It 's common for teens to think that their parents " divorce is somehow their fault .
Others may wish they had prevented arguments by cooperating more within the family , doing better with their behavior , or getting better grades .
Your emotions may change frequently , too .
You may also feel relieved , especially if there has been a lot of tension at home .
Depending on what happens in your family , you may have to adjust to many changes .
Some teens have to travel between parents , and that may create challenges socially .
Money matters may change for your parents , too .
This might be something a parent is excited about , but he or she may also feel nervous or pressured about finances .
There can be good changes too - but how you cope with the stressful changes depends on your situation , your personality , and your support network .
Teens find it especially hard when their parents fight and argue or act with bitterness toward each other .
No matter what problems a couple may face , as parents they need to handle their relationship peacefully to minimize the stress their kids may feel .
You need to feel free to relate to one parent without the other parent acting jealous , hurt , or mad .
This can help parents get past the pain divorce may have created , to find personal happiness , and to lift any burdens from their kids .
It can be a good idea to keep in touch with a parent you see less often because of distance .
Work it out .
You might be able to come up with an idea for a compromise or solution to this problem and suggest it to both parents .
Pick a good time to tell your parents about your concerns - when there 's enough time to sit down with one or both parents to discuss how the divorce will affect you .
There are solutions for most problems and counselors who can help teens and their parents find those solutions .
Do you get angry and take it out on siblings , friends , or yourself ?
For example , how can you cope if one parent bad-mouths another ?
If you need help figuring out your strengths or how to cope - like from a favorite aunt or from your school counselor - ask for it !
Sometimes during a divorce , parents may be so caught up in their own changes it can feel like your own life is on hold .
When things are changing at home , it can really help to keep some things , such as school activities and friends .
Take care of yourself by eating right and getting regular exercise - two great stress busters !
If you 're feeling down or upset , let your friends and family members support you .
Many communities and schools have support groups for kids and teens whose parents have divorced .
There will be ups and downs in the process , but teens can cope successfully with their parents " divorce and the changes it brings .
Some teens learn compassion and caring skills when a younger brother or sister needs their support and care .
Coping well with divorce also can bring out strength and maturity .
That 's how it is in real life too .
Getting along with your teachers
EVBCorpus
Your English teacher loves to start classes with pop quizzes .
But they eat pizza , watch movies , and enjoy sports on the weekends , just like you .
Why work on good relationships with teachers ?
Teachers are often plugged into the community and may be the first to find out about local competitions , activities .
Sonia 's Spanish teacher found out about a contest for exchange program scholarships in Brazil and Spain .
All of these activities can help you get into college or get a good job .
Developing good teacher-student relationships
But what about teachers we do n't know as well ( or even do n't like much ) ?
Show an interest in the subject .
Showing the teacher that you care - even if you 're not a math whiz or fluent in French - sends the message that you are a dedicated student .
It is possible to do so , though .
* Trying to be teacher 's pet .
It 's OK to offer a small token of appreciation to teachers if they 've been helpful to you .
Do you dislike the subject ?
Some students say it helps them to think of classes that seem like chores as stepping stones toward a bigger goal , like getting a diploma or going on to college .
You may hate math , but learning how to calculate averages and percentages can help you in everything from sports to leaving a tip .
But things changed when he mentioned his struggle to his homeroom teacher .
What if you just do n't like the teacher ?
Common courtesy and respect are basic requirements of any relationship .
And it 's your responsibility to make up the work from missed classes .
Just like personal problems can sometimes slow you down , the same is true for your teachers .
Keep in mind that too much disciplinary action can show up on a student 's permanent record .
* Meet with the teacher and try to communicate what you 're feeling .
" I ca n't learn in class when I feel like only a few people ever get called on to participate . "
Not only will you gain more knowledge in that subject , but a closer relationship with your teacher may help you understand one another better .
* If you still ca n't get along , make an appointment with the school guidance counselor , who can offer many tips and suggestions for getting out of difficult teacher relationships .
Chances are that you wo n't encounter physical or verbal abuse ( like racist or sexist comments ) in the classroom .
Teachers are there for more than just homework , and they know about more than just their subject matter .
Telling your parents you 're pregnant
EVBCorpus
Telling your parents you 're pregnant
She knows she has to tell her parents .
Confused ? You 're not alone
You might think , " This ca n't really be happening . "
And you know you 'll probably have to tell your parents .
No matter how close you are to your parents , you 're going to wonder how they 'll react .
Most parents fall somewhere in the middle .
Even parents who know their teens are having sex can still be disappointed or worried about their future .
Most parents want to be supportive of a daughter who is pregnant ( or a son who got a girl pregnant ) , even if they are angry or upset at first .
They may take time to absorb the news .
Think about how your parents have reacted to other situations .
First , find the words .
Allow your parents to absorb what you said .
Will they lecture you ?
Ask a ton of questions ?
Of course , not every parent yells .
It can help to tell your parents that you understand their feelings and point of view .
Give your parents time to speak without jumping in .
Part of your conversation might involve telling parents how you feel .
I know you 're upset .
Or , " I ca n't believe this is happening to me and I 'm not sure what to do . "
Do n't worry if the words do n't come out perfectly or if you cry or get emotional as you 're saying them .
A visit to your doctor 's office or a health clinic is a must - not just for your health , but to get more information and discuss the realities of your situation .
Talking about your decisions
Whatever you decide , it needs to be what you want , not what someone else wants you to do .
Over half of teen pregnancies end with the birth of the baby .
Some teens decide to keep the baby .
Talking about your options is n't easy , especially if none of them is what you had in mind .
Some families need the help of a counselor to talk about this difficult and complicated situation in a way that lets everyone be respected and heard .
Sometimes , you might feel shock and disbelief .
Some days you might be ready for what 's ahead .
You 'll have many emotions and it will take time .
It helps if you can talk to a parent about all these thoughts and feelings .
Protecting yourself
Sometimes parents scream , yell , and use putdowns .
If you 're concerned about your safety , get advice .
When parents have your back
Sometimes a difficult situation brings people closer and strengthens their bonds .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
These led to what today is referred to as the Langlands programme .
Ngô 's brilliant proof of this important long standing conjecture is based in part on the introduction of novel geometric objects and techniques into this sophisticated analysis .
After high school in Vietnam , he moved to France and studied at the Université Paris 6 , Ecole Normale Supérieure de Paris .
He is currently Professor in the Faculté des Sciences at Orsay and Member of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton .
School Gardening Boosts Children 's Wellbeing And Development , Study
A new study suggests that incorporating gardening into the education children receive at school boosts their wellbeing , learning and development and helps equip them for many of the challenges of adult life .
Dr Simon Thornton Wood , Director of Science and Learning at the RHS , told the press that :
The report , which sports a colourful photo of a " minibeast hotel " on the cover , highlights that schools that actively use a garden produce happy , healthy , well-balanced , rounded children so children learn the " 3Rs " of Resilience " , Readiness and Responsibility .
Literacy and numeracy , including widening vocabulary .
Awareness of the seasons .
Confidence , resilience , self-esteem , emotional wellbeing , positive behaviour and sense of responsibility .
Children also learned to care for the environment , said the report , explaining that :
" The children talk about how much seeds and seedlings cost , how many will survive , what they can sell them for , how much profit they make and how long that process takes . "
Some schools used the idea of the garden to help children develop communication and negotiation skills .
The RHS launched its Campaign for School Gardening in 2007 , the aim being to encourage schools to create their own gardens .
Written by : Catharine Paddock , PhD
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
For many people , math can be intimidating .
The journalist has degrees in mathematics and philosophy from Oxford University .
" While two plus two is indeed four all over the world , the approach to math is so , so different , " Bellos says .
The French love their math .
And being good at arithmetic in India is almost seen as a badge of national pride .
In Japan , which is a culture most different from mine , a million children study the abacus for fun after school .
There , he met the creator of the popular Sudoku puzzles and talked about the brain-teasing delights of mathematical games .
" And if you start to think about paper folding , there are lots of things you ca n't do with the methods that have been taught in schools really since the Greeks .
While in Japan , Bellos also met a math whiz who is not human .
The title is a play on Humphrey Bogart 's famous line , " Here 's looking at you , kid , " from the movie " Casablanca " .
In it , Bellos talks to two Ukrainian-American brothers who have built the world 's biggest supercomputer in their New York apartment .
" One might say it 's crazy , trying to introduce two new numbers to the number system , but mathematically it makes a perfect sense because multiplication and division become much easier if we count in twelves rather than tens . "
" In the Amazon , I spoke to a man who has been researching the tribe , the Munduruku , who have numbers up to five , " he says .
In that last event , contestants are given a number of dates and they have to figure out which days of the week those dates fall on - all in their head .
" So when she 's calculating , she 's moving her hands around in the air in front of her as if there is an abacus there . "
The stories in his book prove that it 's surprising and astonishing , as surely as the square of the hypotenuse of a right triangle equals the sum of the square of its two other sides .
Healthy habits for TV , Video games , and the Internet
The American Academy of Pediatrics ( AAP ) recommends that kids under age 2 have no screen time , and that kids older than 2 watch no more than 1 to 2 hours a day of quality programming .
Here are some practical ways to make kids ' screen time more productive .
- Keep TVs out of kids " bedrooms .
- Do n't allow your child to watch TV while doing homework .
Tell them that TV viewing is allowed only after chores and homework are completed .
* Set a good example .
Choose shows , says the AAP , that foster interest and learning in hobbies and education ( reading , science , etc . ) .
Make sure you think they 're appropriate before your kids watch them .
Many new standard TV sets have internal V-chips ( V stands for violence ) that let you block TV programs and movies you do n't want your kids to see .
Then post the schedule in a visible household area ( i.e. , on the refrigerator ) so that everyone knows which programs are OK to watch and when .
* Talk to kids about what they see on TV and share your own beliefs and values .
What else could they have done ?
Or , " What do you think about how those teenagers were acting at that party ?
You can use TV to explain confusing situations and express your feelings about difficult topics ( sex , love , drugs , alcohol , smoking , work , behavior , family life ) .
* Find out about other TV policies .
* Offer fun alternatives to television .
* Look at the ratings .
Even with the ratings , it 's still important to preview the games - or even play them - before letting kids play .
If they seem more aggressive after spending time playing a certain game , discuss the game and help them understand how the violence that 's portrayed is different from what occurs in the real world .
Learn how to block objectionable material .
* Share an email account with younger children .
* Spend time online together .
Be aware that posting messages to chat rooms reveals a child 's email address to others .
Old age is a gift
I am now , probably for the first time in my life , the person I have always wanted to be .
And often I am taken aback by that old person that lives in my mirror , but I do n't agonize over those things for long .
I do n't chide myself for eating that extra cookie , or for not making my bed , or for buying that silly cement gecko that I did n't need , but looks so avant-garde on my patio .
I will dance with myself to those wonderful tunes of the 60's , and if I , at the same time , wish to weep over a lost love. .
But there again , some of life is just as well forgotten , and I eventually remember the important things .
A heart never broken is pristine and sterile and will never know the joy of being imperfect .
I can say " no " , and mean it .
As you get older , it is easier to be positive .
So , to answer your question , I like being old .
And I shall eat dessert every single day .
Death and grief
You might be shocked , unprepared , or confused .
Your emotions might be stronger or deeper than usual or mixed together in ways you 've never experienced before .
Some people lose themselves in playing computer games or eat or drink to excess .
All of these are normal ways to react to a death .
When we have emotional , physical , and spiritual reactions in response to a death or loss , it 's known as grief or grieving .
* feel strong emotions , such as sadness and anger
The grieving process takes time and healing usually happens gradually .
If you 've lost someone in your immediate family , such as a parent , brother , or sister , you may feel cheated out of time you wanted to have with that person .
We do n't always grieve over the death of another person .
All of these feelings and reactions are OK - but what can people do to get through them ?
Coping with grief
Some people become depressed and withdraw from their peers or go out of the way to avoid the places or situations that remind them of the person who has died .
This is fine , as long you find other ways to deal with your pain .
This is n't really dealing with the pain , only masking it , which makes all those feelings build up inside and only prolongs the grief .
If your pain just seems to get worse , or if you feel like hurting yourself or have suicidal thoughts , tell someone you trust about how you feel .
But grief does get gradually better and become less intense as time goes by .
To help get through the pain , it can help to know some of the things you might expect during the grieving process .
Some people describe feeling " unreal , " as if they 're looking at the world from a faraway place .
People might spend time together talking and sharing memories about their loved one .
And it 's not uncommon to see people smiling and talking with others at a funeral , as if something sad had not happened .
Many people go back to doing regular things after a few days or a week .
It 's also natural to begin to feel somewhat better .
No matter how you choose to grieve , there 's no one right way to do it .
The loss of someone close to you can be stressful .
* Remember that grief is a normal emotion .
* Participate in rituals .
* Talk about it when you can .
No one should feel pressured to talk .
Start writing in a journal about the memories you have of the person you lost and how you 're feeling since the loss .
You can do this privately or share it with others .
* Eat right .
* Join a support group .
The thing to remember is that you do n't have to be alone with your feelings or your pain .
This is common .
Getting help for intense grief
Here are some signs :
* Your grief is affecting your ability to concentrate , sleep , eat , or socialize as you normally do .
But if a loss has caused you to think about suicide or hurting yourself in some way , or if you feel that you ca n't go on living , it 's important that you tell someone right away .
Many counselors specialize in working with teens who are struggling with loss and depression .
If you 'd like to talk to a therapist and you 're not sure where to begin , ask an adult or school counselor .
Unfortunately , that type of advice can sometimes make people hesitate to talk about their loss , or make people think they 're grieving wrong or too long , or that they 're not normal .
It can help to remember that the grieving process is very personal and individual - there 's no right or wrong way to grieve .
We all take our own time to heal .
If you do n't like the idea of moving on , maybe the idea of " keeping on " seems like a better fit .
If you feel sad , let yourself have your feelings and try not to run away from your emotions .
Getting back to enjoying your life does n't mean you no longer miss the person .
With time , the loving support of family and friends , and your own positive actions , you can find ways to cope with even the deepest loss .
EVBCorpus
At the same time , Microsoft is also trying to copy a very successful business model to be Apple .
Apple , which takes a sizable cut on sales in its app store , brought in revenue of $ 2.1 billion last quarter from third-party apps and music sales on iTunes .
Apps have to be approved , and cynics point out that app store curators could block competitors ' apps .
That makes for a frustrating user experience .
But for Windows 8 , Microsoft is skewing in the Apple direction .
Standard Windows 8 PCs will come with two modes : The touch-based " Metro " interface and a more traditional desktop mode .
These processors power the vast majority of smartphones and tablets .
It 's pretty clearly the thin end of a wedge .
It 's Microsoft 's main play in fast-grow th areas like the tablet market .
Google echoed Mozilla , saying Windows RT is " restricting user choice and innovation . "
Welcome to the curated world of Windows .
Where some see restrictions , others see opportunity .
It could also give users a better software experience .
Apple still keeps its Mac and iOS realms separate .
Ways The Internet Has Destroyed Your Finances
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
In today 's modern age , there are very few things that you cannot do on the Internet .
The Internet makes it very easy to go off track with even a well-structured budget .
The Internet has made it abundantly easy to spend money online .
If you are not extra-vigilant , you can fall prey to temptation and find yourself spending your hard-earned money at a store online .
Only buy things online that are necessities , and if you feel the need to impulse buy simply stop for a moment and think about how buying unwanted items will affect your long-term financial goals .
Another way the Internet has destroyed my finances in the past is a phishing scam .
My bank and Paypal both initiated their own investigations and a week later my money was refunded .
Take your time online .
Online Billing
It can be a convenient way to take care of your bills .
Impulse buying is made even easier with advertisements for products just about everywhere .
Simply place your order online , pay for shipping and you can expect your package within a week 's time .
While the Internet is a convenient venue for shopping , it may be a little too convenient .
EVBCorpus
Jacob loves books .
He squeals and reaches for the book every time he sees it .
Jacob is only 6 months old , but he is already well on his way to becoming a reader .
An infant wo n't understand everything you 're doing or why .
Reading aloud to your baby is a wonderful shared activity you can continue for years to come - and it 's an important form of stimulation .
* introduces concepts such as stories , numbers , letters , colors , and shapes in a fun way
The more stories you read aloud , the more words your child will be exposed to and the better he or she will be able to talk .
When reading , your child hears you using many different emotions and expressive sounds , which fosters social and emotional development .
Your baby improves language skills by imitating sounds , recognizing pictures , and learning words .
Young babies may not know what the pictures in a book mean , but they can focus on them , especially faces , bright colors , and contrasting patterns .
Choose sturdy vinyl or cloth books with bright colors and repetitive or rhyming text .
Here 's a great thing about reading aloud : It does n't take special skills or equipment , just you , your baby , and some books .
In addition to the pleasure that cuddling your baby before bed gives both of you , you 'll also be making life easier by establishing a routine .
Books also come in handy when you 're stuck waiting , so have some in the diaper bag to fill time sitting at the doctor 's office or standing in line at the grocery store .
* Cuddling while you read helps your baby feel safe , warm , and connected to you .
( " Where 's the kitty ?
* Sing nursery rhymes , make funny animal sounds , or bounce your baby on your knee - anything that shows that reading is fun .
You do n't want to encourage chewing on books , but by putting them in his or her mouth , your baby is learning about them , finding out how books feel and taste - and discovering that they 're not edible !
As your baby gets more interested in looking at things , choose books with simple pictures against solid backgrounds .
When your child begins to do things like sit up in the bathtub or eat finger foods , find simple stories about daily routines like bedtime or bathtime .
Babies of any age like photo albums with pictures of people they know and love .
When your baby is old enough to crawl over to a basket of toys and pick one out , make sure some books are included in the mix .
In addition to the books you own , take advantage of those you can borrow from the library .
Do n't forget to pick up a book for yourself while you 're there .
Reading for pleasure is another way you can be your baby 's reading role model .
1 . 83 million Facebook accounts are fakes and dupes
" Our entire platform is based on people using their real identities . " Facebook 's chief security officer Joe Sullivan told CNN in a recent interview .
According to the network 's terms of service , users are not allowed to have more than one Facebook personal account or make accounts on behalf of other people .
Facebook estimates that 2.4 % of its active accounts are these non-human personal accounts .
There are 14.3 million undesirable accounts that Facebook believes have been created specifically for purposes that violate the companies terms , like spamming .
The disabled account goes into a sort of Facebook limbo , where the owner of the account ca n't get their hands on any of the content - photos , posts , videos not even by requesting a copy of the data .
On that day , several different tablet models will launch .
Some of those tablets will be running Microsoft 's ARM-based version , Windows RT , while the others will come with Windows 8 Pro .
From a big screen to an innovative design , it 's clear that in order to be successful and compete against Apple 's iPad , Windows 8 tablets are going to have to appeal to both consumers and enterprise users .
Although 7-inch tablets have been successful , that 's only because they 're cheap and do n't try to do too much .
In that end of the space , it 's what customers expect .
One of the nicest things about Microsoft 's Surface tablet is that it 's innovative .
Windows 8 Pro is the operating system that most customers will want to use .
4 . Apps galore
Vendors , especially , ca n't forget that .
If the Android ecosystem has taught the marketplace anything , it 's that consumers are quite happy with choices .
If Windows 8 tablets are too expensive , they will fail .
In others , it might mean matching the cost .
7 . State-of-the-art processors
Any outdated or less-powerful processors just wo n't work in the mobile market .
In the mobile space , there is a very different experience delivered by Flash storage than traditional hard drives .
Flash storage is the key ingredient that makes tablets more responsive .
Since tablets are designed to be mobile , it would only make sense that all Windows 8 tablets are able to connect to the Web from a mobile network .
In the Windows ecosystem , sometimes vendors complicate things .
Based on that information , they can decide what they want .
Apple did n't lay out all its secret plans for iOS 6 during the company 's sneak peek at the next version of iOS in June .
A few features foreshadow a new iPhone with a 4-inch display such as added screen resolution support .
Apple recently seeded iOS 6 Beta 4 to developers .
Apple Insider points out that on an iPhone 4S or later , this function could help prevent dropped video calls placed through FaceTime .
Currently , iOS 5 allows you to share contacts with a car kit , send audio to a stereo , use audio/video remote controls , participate in multiplayer gaming , and establish connections to Bluetooth keyboards .
The reported new sharing capability would be controlled in a new section of the Settings app labeled " Privacy . "
The new resolution support in iOS 6 also gives Apple enough space to throw in an extra row of icons for the next iPhone .
Another recent 9to5 Mac discovery suggests iOS 6 will support a new resolution of 640 by 1136 .
Downloading free apps , app up dates , or an app you previously deleted will not require password authentication , according to numerous online reports from late July .
The new feature will be a welcome addition for anyone with a particularly long or hard to remember password .
No YouTube
AT&T Punch in the FaceTime
The pop-up did n't say the service included an extra cost , but it 's a pretty safe bet that AT&T is at least thinking about charging an extra convenience fee for anyone using FaceTime over 3G .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
In some countries , Teachers ' Days are intended to be special days for the appreciation of teachers .
A day that is dedicated to the hard work that is input by the teacher all year long , a day that is a complete tribute to the teachers all around India .
Teacher 's Day is a dedication to Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan , who was a staunch believer of education and was one of the most well-known diplomat , scholar , president of India and above all a teacher .
This day is just a mere reflection of Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan 's love for and attachment to the teaching profession .
Teacher 's day is now one of the occasion that is looked forward by the teachers and students alike as on this occasion its not only when teachers are praised but also around various schools students dress up as a representation of their teachers and take various lectures that are assigned to the teachers they represent .
Apart from the fun aspect of the day it is also a day when one can look back and admire and get inspired by Dr. Radhakrishnan , a small town cunning boy , who grew up to become one of the most respected politicians in the history of democracy of India .
September 5 is Teacher 's Day in India .
This is not a holiday in India .
An old Indian saying ( usually taught to children ) , ranks teacher in the third place , even before God : " Maata , Pitha , Guru , Daivam " , meaning Mother , Father and Teacher is God .
Indonesia
Malaysia
Mexico
In South Korea , Teachers ' Day is celebrated on May 15 since 1963 in Seoul and 1964 in Chunju city .
Ex-students pay their respects to the former teachers by visiting them Chunju and handing a carnation .
November 24 is the Teacher 's Day in Turkey .
In the United States , National Teacher Day falls during Teacher Appreciation Week , which takes place in the first full week of May .
The NEA gives a history of National Teacher Day :
Albania
China
Czech Republic
Teachers ' Day in Argentina is celebrated on September 11 , commemorating the death of President Domingo Faustino Sarmiento , politician and respected educator .
In Mexico , May 15 is the Teachers ' Day .
As of 1952 , Teacher 's day has been in Hungary on the first Sunday of June .
Sometimes there are special assemblies held at schools for all the students and staff where students officially thank all their teachers for their effort .
Russia
Singapore
In Slovakia , Teachers ' Day is a non-official holiday , celebrated on March 28 , birthday of Jan Ámos Komenský .
The day honors teachers ' virtues , pains , and also their contribution not only to their own students but also to the whole society .
January 16 was adopted as Teachers ' Day in the Thailand by a resolution of the government on November 21 , 1956 .
This holiday allows students to express their respect to their teacher .
Students usually visit their teachers at their homes to offer flowers and small gifts , or organize trips with their teachers and classmates .
The last Friday in October is celebrated as World Teachers ' Day in Australia .
US consumer spending rises 0.3 % in March
Economists closely watch consumer confidence and spending patterns because their spending accounts for 70 % of economic activity in the US.
January to March was the warmest first quarter the US has experienced since 1895 , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
The Chicago Index Managers Purchasing - which is based on a monthly survey of large businesses in and around the major US city - fell to 56.2 in April , its lowest level in 29 months .
China 's manufacturing activity slowed less quickly in April than the previous month , a preliminary HSBC survey has showed .
The PMI is a key indicator of manufacturing activity .
EVBCorpus
Are celebrity children 's books any good ?
She 's being sarcastic .
" These are coffee-table books that adults read .
They do n't have a lot of impact . "
" A lot of children 's authors really resented this on the money side of things , when they 've been working for years perfecting their craft " .
Barack Obama signed a $ 1.9m contract for three books , including this one , in 2004 , when the trend for celebrity children 's authors was near its height ( though at that stage he had only just become a member of the US Senate ) .
According to Professor Nikolajeva , fiction generally has a greater appeal than non-fiction .
On the other hand , she foresees that some American children will feel proud that their president ( if they are old enough to know what a president is ) has written a book " for us " .
" If Barack Obama has written a brilliant children 's book - wonderful , " .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Whether the bullying is physical or verbal , if it 's not stopped it can lead to more aggressive antisocial behavior and interfere with your child 's success in school and ability to form and sustain friendships .
Picking on someone who seems emotionally or physically weaker provides a feeling of being more important , popular , or in control .
They may not have the skills they need to cooperate with others .
And kids who are on the receiving end of taunting learn that bullying can translate into control over children they perceive as weak .
In some cases , kids bully because they have trouble managing strong emotions like anger , frustration , or insecurity .
Make sure your kids understand that you will not tolerate bullying at home or anywhere else .
If your child acts aggressively at home , with siblings or others , put a stop to it .
Consider getting involved together in a community group where your child can interact with kids who are different .
Look for insight into the factors that may be influencing your child 's behavior in the school environment ( or wherever the bullying is occurring ) .
What kinds of pressures do the kids face at school ?
Encourage good behavior .
Think carefully about how you talk around your kids and how you handle conflict and problems .
Starting at Home
And unless there 's a risk of physical violence it 's wise not to get involved .
There will be situations that warrant discipline and constructive criticism.
Guidance counselors , pastors , therapists , and your doctor can help .
Your doctor also might be able to help .
Priceless holiday gifts
If you had to guess what kids love most about the holidays , what would it be ?
Wrong .
About 300 kids answered our 2004 email survey about the holidays .
Fourteen-year-old Peter said his favorite part of the holidays is that " we 're all together . "
Harley , 11 , celebrates Hanukkah , too .
For the holiday , Hiba likes to wear traditional clothes and put henna on her hands and legs .
Families Rule
And being around the Christmas tree " gives me time to tell my family I love them . "
Lindsay also likes visiting her grandma , who she describes as " really fun ! "
Lots of kids told us they have fun making holiday foods and eating them .
" She does n't want me to treat it like a pet .
All this food is n't just delicious .
Lizzie , 9 , said she loves building a gingerbread house and baking cookies because " it 's fun to cook with my mom . "
Playing Together
Molly , 11 , likes decorating and putting up the lights outside .
Translated , we learned that his family does Mexican dances at holiday time .
At Abbie 's house , they dance to Irish music because her family is part Irish .
Lots of kids said they liked being out in the snow , throwing snowballs , skiing , snowboarding , or snowmobiling .
It 's really fun ! "
Kids said giving was the right thing to do , but many also told us how it made them feel .
The food goes into baskets that are delivered to needy people .
So when I give them , I am almost sure that the person who received it is very happy . "
So kids are donating money , toys , clothes , and food , but they 're also sharing something that does n't cost any money .
And Jary , 11 , helps others by sending letters to a soldier serving in Iraq .
You might not know it , but a lot of grownups are wondering how to celebrate the holidays in a more meaningful way .
It might .
And we 're not talking about no presents at all .
The good news is that families can start small .
Maybe you 've done this at school before ?
Then each person pulls out a name and buys a gift for just this person .
Lots of grownups like receiving homemade gifts .
* Learn to knit or do a needle craft , such as cross-stitching .
* Bake cookies or other holiday treats and package them in pretty holiday boxes or baskets .
It looks pretty and the person can whip up a batch of delicious cookies .
* Write a poem , letter , or song to the person , explaining why he or she is special to you .
* Give the person a packet of homemade coupons for stuff he or she likes .
For instance , you might donate money to your grandmother 's favorite charity .
Some families decide to give their time by serving people who eat at soup kitchens or live in homeless shelters .
How to Begin
If so , maybe start early next year .
They did n't cost a thing , they were from the heart , and they made us feel warm and happy inside , like a cup of hot cocoa on a snowy winter 's night .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The CEA says consumers will spend an average of about two hundred thirty dollars on electronics .
He says the CEA study found that electronics represent three of the top five things on its " holiday gift wish list " this year .
The computer company Apple began selling its small , touch-screen computers in April .
People use the touch-screen computers to surf the Web , write e-mails , watch movies and read books .
JIM BARRY : " Another hot category right behind that are the e-readers .
And you have more and more of those e-readers coming into the market as well . "
And it 's really the ability to take your information and entertainment with you just about anywhere to stay connected to your work and your family .
The Consumer Electronics Association report found that iPod music players are also in high demand this holiday season .
And the one thing that people wanted most ?
EVBCorpus
Parents might disagree about money , home chores , or how to spend time .
They might disagree about big things - like important decisions they need to make for the family .
An argument is a fight using words .
If the argument has anything to do with the kids , kids might think they have caused their parents to argue and fight .
But parents ' behavior is never the fault of kids .
They might think it means their parents will get a divorce .
Just like kids , when parents get upset they might cry , yell , or say things they do n't really mean .
Kids usually feel upset when they see or hear parents arguing .
They might worry that one parent may feel especially sad or hurt because of being yelled at by the other parent .
Worry from arguments can even make it hard for a kid to go to sleep or go to school .
So go to your room , close the door , find something else to do until it is over .
Even though many parents may do this , it 's never OK to treat people in your family with disrespect , use unkind words , or yell and scream at them .
They might need the help of another adult to do this .
Sometimes parents who fight can get so out of control that they hurt each other , and sometimes kids can get hurt , too .
They can help by teaching family members to listen to each other and talk about feelings without yelling and screaming .
It 's important for people in a family to be able to tell each other how they feel and what they think , even when they disagree .
Parents fight for different reasons .
Just like kids , when parents are n't feeling their best , they can get upset and might be more likely to argue .
Even in the happiest home , problems pop up and people argue from time to time .
Arguments happen and that 's OK , but with love , understanding , and some work , families can solve almost any problem .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
If you live with one parent , you know that a lot of other kids do , too .
In other cases , the mom and dad may never have lived together , or one of them may have died .
You also might feel happy that your parents split up and are n't fighting anymore , but you may also feel upset when your mom introduces you to a man that she is dating .
They 're just feelings .
Single Parents and Work
A job can let a person use his or her special talents and skills .
But even though you might understand why your mom or dad has to work , sometimes it can be hard to accept .
Many kids simply take care of themselves for all or part of the time that a parent is at work .
And if you 're by yourself , you should know how to handle loneliness , too .
Time Troubles
And besides all that , your dad or mom would like to be able to spend more time just hanging out with you , too .
Talk about everyone 's schedule for work , school , and activities .
You might want to help your parent cook dinner sometimes .
Time may be tight , but kids in single-parent families can make a difference by helping out around the house .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Experts say most parents are too lenient with their kids .
If your 4-year-old gets sassy at the dinner table , do you wash her mouth out with soap , give her a time-out , or take away a prized position ?
How can you tell if you are taking your discipline techniques too far or not far enough ?
That 's left many parents wondering if they are too strict , or perhaps too lenient , with their own children - and what effect it will have on their children when they grow up .
" Or sometimes they know there is no way they can hit the bar you have set , so they do n't even try . "
" It is a sign that you are too strict if you set so many rules that you can't possibly enforce them all ," says Nancy Darling , PhD , a psychology professor at Oberlin College in Oberlin , Ohio .
" Saying ' I am going to destroy all your toys ' or 'throw you out of the house ' won't work because if your kid says 'fine' , all you can do is back down , " Darling says .
" Parents can and should set rules about how a child does in school , treats other people , and safety issues , " Darling says .
" Sometimes what the parents say is about safety or morality , kids say is personal . " .
" Do n't say , " You are garbage if you do n't behave in this way . " "
It 's not just how you say it ; it is what you say .
" Calm voices can say humble things , " .
6 . You do n't put in the time .
7 . You are always the cop , nag , monitor , or reminder .
" You can win the battle , but lose the war .
" If children do ask for return play dates , and other kids talk to you and approach you , you have made your house a home that kids want to be in . "
10 . Your child is seen , not heard .
11 . Your child is all work and no play .
12 . You are the only one .
13 . You forbid anything .
" You have to have rules in place , so your children know they can be broken , " Short says .
There 's a difference , .
16 . You are as cold as ice .
EVBCorpus
By Christina Wood
But how do you handle the inevitable stumpers ?
Did you get me at the baby store ?
What do worms eat ?
When my son Cole was three , the questions started .
His sheer volume of questions wore down my enthusiasm and some of my answers became perfunctory .
Would I thwart his curiosity if I said I did n't know the answer or didn't have time to talk about it ?
Others are so banal , I can't think of a thing to say .
" It 's simply a way of trying to engage the parent in conversation . "
Sometimes it 's easiest just to say , " That 's a good question . "
But kids - like most people - enjoy short answers and get bored if you lecture .
But it 's even better to answer a question through illustration .
I try to keep my answers to one short sentence and wait for more questions .
" Everybody , but particularly children , needs to construct their own understanding of things through their senses or by adding to what they already know , " explains Mindess .
I had already explained it .
When I showed him an animation of lungs operating online , he took a few breaths , laughed , and said .
In talking with Mindess and Wallace , though , I realized this is going to happen even if I handle every question perfectly .
That makes me a little sad .
When Cole gets older , he 'll still have to ask me questions like , " Can I go to an all-night party this weekend ? "
" There are a lot of questions that children ask that are about permission , " explains Mindess .
If you permit no discussion on these issues - by just saying no - the child does n't have any values to share with his friends when he explain why he ca n't go , do , or have . "
EVBCorpus
It 's natural for parents to be a bit anxious when first leaving kids without supervision .
It 's obvious that a 5-year-old ca n't go it alone but that a 16-year-old probably can .
It can be difficult to know when kids are ready to handle being home alone .
And then there are older kids who seem afraid even when you 're pretty confident that they 'd be just fine .
In general , it 's not a good idea to leave kids younger than 10 years old home alone .
Think about the area where you live .
Or is it a quiet area ?
It 's also important to consider how your child handles various situations .
* How does your child handle unexpected situations ?
* Does your child make good judgments or is he or she prone to taking risks ?
* Does your child follow your instructions about staying away from strangers ?
Even if you 're confident about your child 's maturity , it 's wise to make some practice runs , or home-alone trials , before the big day .
When you return , discuss how it went and talk about things that you might want to change or skills that your child might need to learn for the next time .
You can feel more confident about your absence if your child learns some basic skills that might come in handy during an emergency .
Before being left home alone , your child should be able to complete certain tasks and safety precautions , such as :
* knowing how to work the home security system , if you have one , and what to do if the alarm is accidentally set off
* operating the microwave
o the smoke alarm goes off
o someone calls for a parent who is n't home
Before you leave
Set up a schedule for calling .
* Set ground rules .
o rooms of the house that are off limits , especially with friends
o not opening the door for strangers
* Stock up .
Stock the kitchen with healthy foods for snacking .
* Be sure that you :
o Make sure the parental controls systems , if you have any , are programmed for the Internet on your computer and on your TV .
These items include :
o prescription medications
o over-the-counter medications that could cause problems if taken in excess : sleeping pills , cough medicine , etc .
o lighters and matches
Do n't call that person a " babysitter " - tell your child that the person is there to keep him or her company .
Many kids feel safer with a pet around - even a small one , like a hamster , can make them feel like they have a companion .
EVBCorpus
Avoid these 9 parenting mistakes .
Alas !
Mistake No. 1 : Being inconsistent .
Consistency can be a challenge when parents ( or other caregivers ) do n't see eye to eye .
Sit down with your partner ahead of time to decide on an appropriate response - and stick with it .
It 's delightful to spend time with the whole family .
Fix it : What 's a good way to spend one-on-one time with a toddler ?
Before you do , consider that by helping your child complete a puzzle or put on a shirt , you may be sending the message that he/she ca n't do it alone - in other words , that the child is incompetent .
" Be a cheerleader , " Brown says .
But not when it 's time to rein in errant behavior .
The child grabs a cookie anyway .
" Talking can lead to what I call the talk-persuade-argue-yell-hit pattern , " Phelan says .
They 're not logical , and they just ca n't assimilate what you are saying to them . "
Once you tell your toddler to do something , Phelan says , do n't talk about it or make eye contact .
If the child refuses to toe the line , give a time-out or another immediate consequence .
Are goldfish crackers the only fish he or she eats ?
" If they push back , keep putting it on their plate .
" Children love the fight over food .
Mistake No. 6 : Getting rid of the crib
" Some moms wear themselves out because they have to lie down with their child every night , " Altmann says .
For most kids , that comes between the ages of 2 and 3 .
Fix it : " Children learn to use the toilet when they 're ready , " Altmann says .
Explain its use .
" No child is ever going to go to college in diapers . "
Fix it : Keep your toddler busy with reading and other , more creative purs uits .
Have conversations-and encourage talking as well as listening .
But all toddlers have tantrums .
Fix it : Braun says parents must remember that the child matters more than the opinions of other people - especially strangers .
toilet teaching your child
Many parents are unsure about when to start toilet teaching or " potty training . "
And boys often start later and take longer to learn to use the potty than girls .
* understand words about the toileting process
* get to the potty , sit on it , and then get off the potty
* show an interest in using the potty or wearing underpants
There are some stressful or difficult times when you may want to put off starting the toilet-teaching process - when traveling , around the birth of a sibling , changing from the crib to the bed , moving to a new house , or when your child is sick ( especially if diarrhea is a facto r ) .
Of course , teaching a toddler to use the potty is n't an overnight experience .
The two basic potty options are :
If you opt for the modified toilet seat , consider getting a stepping stool so that your child can reach the seat comfortably .
Buy a training potty or seat for every bathroom in your house .
About training pants
Because kids ' nighttime bladder and bowel control often lags behind their daytime control , some parents like using training pants at night .
Once the training pants remain dry for a few days , kids can make the switch to wearing underwear .
For example , a 2 - or 3-year-old dealing with a new sibling may regress ( return to a previous level of development ) .
Even before your child is ready to try the potty , you can prepare your little one by teaching about the process :
* Get a potty chair your child can practice sitting on .
If you 've decided that your child is ready to start learning how to use the potty , these tips may help :
You can also have your child sit on the potty seat and watch while you - or one of his or her siblings - use the toilet .
You may be able to catch your child peeing .
And many kids are regular as to the time of day they tend to have a bowel movement .
In other words , avoid overalls and shirts that are stuck in the crotch .
If he or she urinates without wearing a diaper , your child may be more likely to feel what 's happening and express discom fort .
* Offer your child small rewards , such as stickers or time reading with Mommy , every time your child goes in the potty .
* Make sure all of your child 's caregivers - including babysitters , grandparents , and childcare workers - follow the same routine and use the same names for body parts and bathroom acts .
And remember that accidents will happen .
Reassure your child that he or she is well on the way to using the potty like a big kid .
Many parents of past generations started potty training much sooner than many parents do today .
EVBCorpus
Singer Michael Jackson dies at 50
Jackson 's brother , Jermaine , said he was believed to have suffered a cardiac arrest .
" And Allah be with you Michael always .
RIP Michael , thanks for everything you gave us .
It seemed to be too much of a demand on the unhealthy body of a 50 year old .
Speaking outside New York 's historic Apollo theatre , civil rights activist Rev Al Sharpton paid tribute to his friend .
I hope history will be more kind to him than some of the contemporary media . "
" He was buying a home in the Holmby Hills area of Los Angeles and the scene outside the house is one of fans , reporters and TV cameras - it 's absolute craziness .
Musical icon
Paramedics were called to the singer 's house in Bel Air at 1221 ( 1921GMT ) following an emergency phone call .
He then went on to achieve global fame as a solo artist with smash hits such as Billie Jean and Bad .
He was the consummate entertainer and his contributions and legacy will be felt upon the world forever .
The singer had been dogged by controversy and money trouble in recent years , becoming a virtual recluse .
Michael Jackson , " King of Pop " , dead at 50
LOS ANGELES – Michael Jackson , the " King of Pop " who once moonwalked above the music world , died Thursday as he prepared for a comeback bid to vanquish nightmare years of sexual scandal and financial calamity .
It is believed he suffered cardiac arrest in his home .
His 1982 album " Thriller " - which included the blockbuster hits " Beat It , " " Billie Jean " and " Thriller " - is the best-selling album of all time , with an estimated 50 million copies sold worldwide .
Hundreds of people gathered outside the hospital .
No joke .
Wow , Michael Harris , 36 , of New York City , read from a text message a friend had sent him .
The public first knew him as a boy in the late 1960s , when he was the precocious , spinning lead singer of the Jackson 5 , the singing group he formed with his four older brothers out of Gary , Ind .
For Michael to be taken away from us so suddenly at such a young age , I just do n't have the words , said Quincy Jones , who produced " Thriller . "
He united two of music 's biggest names when he was briefly married to Presley 's daughter , Lisa Marie , and Jackson 's death immediately evoked comparisons to that of Presley himself , who died at age 42 in 1977 .
The tabloids dubbed him " Wacko Jacko . "
He called Jackson a " disciple of P.T. Barnum " and said the star appeared fragile at the time but was " much more cunning and shrewd about the industry than anyone knew . "
The case followed years of rumors about Jackson and young boys .
He was 4 years old when he began singing with his brothers - Marlon , Jermaine , Jackie and Tito - in the Jackson 5 . After his early success with bubblegum soul , he struck out on his own , generating innovative , explosive , unstoppable music .
The audience stood and roared .
Diana Ross
Jackson married Lisa Marie Presley in 1994 , and they divorced in 1996 .
They had two children together : Michael Joseph Jackson Jr. , known as Prince Michael , now 12 ; and Paris Michael Katherine Jackson , 11 .
Now 7 , Jackson said the boy nicknamed Blanket as a baby was his biological child born from a surrogate mother .
Billboard magazine editorial director Bill Werde said Jackson 's star power was unmatched .
"He 's literally the king of pop . "
" People might have started to think of him again in a different light . "
Michael Jackson : Highs and lows
MICHAEL JACKSON - THE FACTS
The pop star was due to begin a comeback tour with a series of concerts in London in July .
He quickly becomes the centre of attention and takes on lead vocal duties as the band build up a reputation on the live circuit .
Over the next six years , the band churns out a string of hits including ABC , The Love You Save and I 'll Be There .
1978 - " OFF THE WALL "
He asks Jones to produce his new solo record - and the result is disco classic " Off The Wall " .
The record is frequently named the biggest-selling album of all time , shifting 65 million copies , according to the Guinness Book of World Records .
The scale and ambition of the clip have often been copied , but never bettered .
As Jacko-mania reaches fever pitch , tabloid stories about the secretive star begin to circulate .
Meanwhile , Jackson continues to prove his business acumen , securing the publishing rights to the Beatles " back catalogue for $ 47.5 million and beating a bid from his old friend Paul McCartney .
The success of the album kick-starts Jackson 's first solo tour .
As the tour draws to a close , Jackson pens his autobiography , revealing : " I 'm one of the loneliest people in the world '' and releases the Moonwalker film - a mixed bag of music videos and child-like fantasy sequences .
Fans and critics alike are put off by the harsh rhythms and sparse arrangements , but it contains several hits - including Black and White , Remember The Time and the tabloid-baiting In The Closet .
He reveals that he was bullied by his father , had plastic surgery twice , and that his changing skin tones were the result of a " disorder that destroys the pigmentation of my skin " .
He later comes to an out-of-court settlement with the family for an estimated $ 20m .
1995 – STATUE STUNT
Jackson declares himself " sickened , saddened , shocked , upset , cheated and angry " by the incident .
The couple have a daughter , Paris Michael Katherine , the following year before divorcing in 1999 .
Only one single , Rock My World , gets a full global release .
On a TV documentary he admits sharing his bed with children .
Police raid Jackson 's Neverland ranch and , shortly afterwards , a warrant is issued for his arrest on charges of molesting a 14-year-old boy , Gavin Arvizo .
2009 - COMEBACK
" This is it .
Compiled by BBC Entertainment reporter Mark Savage
Presley : Jackson knew his fate
She said her short marriage to Jackson - from May 1994 until January 1996 - " was not " a sham " as is being reported in the press , " but she divorced him because she was " in over my head in trying " to save Jackson " from the inevitable , which is what has just happened .
That conversation haunted Presley as she watched television coverage of Jackson 's death Thursday , she said .
While his death was ruled the result of an irregular heartbeat , the autopsy report was sealed amid accusations that abuse of prescription drugs caused the problem .
" I wanted to " save him " , " she wrote .
" The hardest decision I have ever had to make , which was to walk away and let his fate have him , even though I desperately loved him and tried to stop or reverse it somehow , " Presley wrote .
" Nonetheless , I do believe he loved me more than anyone and I loved him very much .
" I really needed to say this right now , thanks for listening .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Vampires have held an important place in the popular imagination since ancient times .
The " Twilight " series of books and movies has increased the popularity of vampires around the world .
It 's a camouflage .
As if I would need any of that .
She knows there is something very special about him .
He is very strong , very pale , and very cold to the touch .
I feel like you 're going to disappear . "
It is based on a best-selling book by the American writer Stephenie Meyer .
She wrote down all the details of her dream and developed it into a full story .
American ticket sales the first weekend it was released made " New Moon " the third best-selling movie on record .
Edward can no longer safely live in the same town as Bella .
Her novel " Interview with a Vampire " has sold millions of copies and was also made into a movie .
She is an expert on vampires in film and literature .
Professor Smith says that Americans love to see themselves as changeable and inventive .
She says these two qualities also define vampires in movies and literature .
And if they do not have a traditional coffin to sleep in during the day , they can find other answers , such as using a car .
She says there are city vampires like in the movies " The Addiction " and " Nadja . "
Professor Smith says one reason the " Twilight " series of books and movies is so popular is that they are not just about finding love .
The " Twilight " series is not the only source for good vampire watching these days .
This story is set in the future .
Other recent vampire movies include the American film " Cirque du Freak : The Vampire 's Assistant " , the Swedish film " Let the Right One In " and the Korean film " Thirst . "
The vampires are not treated very well in this television program .
SOOKIE : " Who asked you ?
Matt could have seriously cut you up last night . "
SOOKIE : " No , I do n't have a death wish .
" True Blood " has completed its second season on the cable channel HBO .
The channel was struggling to find television shows as popular as its former series , " The Sopranos . "
And he says men like the large amount of sex and violence .
Cultures around the world have their own versions of these blood-sucking creatures .
Vlad the Impaler was said to have killed tens of thousands of people , including invading members of the Ottoman Empire .
The story begins with the daily observations of a young English lawyer named Jonathan Harker .
But his visit does not go as planned .
Soon , Jonathan Harker 's wife Mina becomes one of his victims .
These include colonialism , immigration , folk culture versus modernity , and women 's sexuality .
The vampire character in this movie , known as Count Orlak , is tall and thin with long pointy fingers .
Professor Auerbach describes how the evolution of vampires tells a great deal about a culture 's fears , which change over generations .
And she says they are very important because they tell us about our times and ourselves .
EVBCorpus
You may have set the agenda , right ?
And between naps , there 's feeding , changing , and a whole lot of holding going on .
Suddenly you 've got a lot of friends .
Strangers smile at you .
Enjoy it .
If one parent is providing most of the baby care , the other can feel slighted .
Make a date and share what 's happening in each other 's life .
Until she sleeps through the night , you can limit your sleep deprivation by taking turns with your partner in getting up with the baby .
You know that family and friends will want to see the new baby .
Good friends will understand .
Babies learn by watching and interacting with their environment .
Smiling , sticking out your tongue , or making a funny face or sound will attract his attention .
The constant attention that babies demand is exhausting .
Watch a favorite TV show , read a book , go for a walk , take a bath .
Babies need conversation
And the more you talk , the more those things happen .
This helps her learn the give and take of conversation .
That 's just to provide food , shelter , and other necessities .
Babies necessitate a lot of financial planning .
You told yourself you were going to be a top-notch parent – a calming , happy presence .
Now you feel guilty that you are n't enjoying every second of parenthood .
It 's natural to want a break from baby .
Children 's books are literature
Tip : Reading aloud will help your baby be a better reader when she 's older .
In the real world , the rule of thumb is you do what works .
When in doubt , ask your pediatrician .
It may not be what you want to do .
Discipline is n't the easiest thing to administer .
It 'll take a period of time before you start potty training your new baby .
A kid can learn a lot by watching .
It might not happen right away .
Enjoy it and make it last a lifetime.
But at the same time , every milestone means your child is more independent and needs you a little less .
Japan GDP figures show sharp slowing of economic growth
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Between April and June this year gross domestic product - the sum of the nation 's goods and services - grew by 0.1% , much lower than expected .
Analysts say the country 's export-led recovery appears to be faltering as the value of the yen appreciates .
The BBC 's Roland Buerk in Tokyo says Japan remains one of the wealthiest and most prosperous countries in the world , but the trajectory of its economy has been clear for years .
The GDP figures give further credibility to the widely held belief that China will soon overtake Japan as the world 's second biggest economy .
Japan has relied on exports for growth .
Prices getting cheaper discourages people from spending in the long term and it discourages people from investing too .
Japan recovered from the recession pretty well but there are fears that it could be faltering now .
The Bank of Japan has kept interest rates super low at 0.1% in the hope that that will encourage people to borrow .
" Short-termism "
" The problem for Japan was they were going for short-termism as far as policy was concerned . " he told the BBC .
Japan has relied on exports for growth ,
The state-run People 's Daily newspaper recently urged the US to " recognise and accept " China 's inevitable rise onto the world stage .
Some economists suggest China could pass the US to become the world 's largest within 10 to 15 years .
But in many parts of rural China , people live in basic conditions that would be unacceptable in Japan or the US.
After the GDP figures were released , the yen was relatively unchanged against both the dollar and the euro .
Analysts say Japan may have to take action to lower the yen 's value against other major currencies .
" I think the Bank of Japan and the government need to take decisive action against currency moves .
The country 's central bank has already announced a scheme to offer 3 trillion yen ( $ 35bn ; £22bn ) in low-interest loans in an effort to spur economic growth .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
There really was n't a " first April Fool 's Day " that can be pinpointed on the calendar .
The celebration culminated on April 1 .
These backward folk were labeled as " fools " .
Over time , into a tradition of prank-playing on the first day of April spread to England and Scotland in the eighteenth century .
The second day is devoted to pranks involving the posterior region of the body , so it is called " Taily Day " .
Pranks performed on April Fool 's Day range from the simple , ( such as saying , " Your shoe 's untied ! ) , .
Sometimes , elaborate practical jokes are played on friends and relatives that last the entire day .
For instance , a British short film once shown was a fairly detailed documentary about " spaghetti farmers " and how they harvest their crop from the spaghetti trees .
Nobody gets off work and school .
Fifteen years ago , a truck bomb blasted through the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building , claiming the lives of 168 people .
If that were n't enough , tomorrow , April 20 , is the 11th anniversary of the Columbine High School massacre .
According to reports that followed the tragedy , the shooters had originally planned to carry out their rampage on April 19 .
Even today , gun rights advocates are descending on Washington , D.C.
According to a poll released by the Pew Research Center today .
Perhaps it 's better , instead , to celebrate all those other - nonviolent - April 19 's in history .
EVBCorpus
1 . Shroud of Turin
Despite many scientific investigations , no one has yet been able to explain how the image has been imprinted on the shroud and despite many attempts , no one has managed to replicate it .
In addition , another cloth ( the Sudarium ) known even from biblical times ( John 20:7 ) exists which is said to have covered Christ 's head in the tomb .
Avinoam Danin ( a researcher at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem ) concurred with this analysis , adding that the pollen grains in the Sudarium match those of the shroud .
Mary Celeste was launched in Nova Scotia in 1860 .
She was 103ft overall displacing 280 tons and listed as a half-brig .
After extensive repairs she was put under American registry and renamed " Mary Celeste " .
The captain , his family and crew were never seen again .
There were no signs of struggle on board and all documents except the captain 's log were missing .
It has been alleged that these could have been the remains of the crew of the Mary Celeste .
3 . The Taos Hum
It is usually heard only in quiet environments , and is often described as sounding like a distant diesel engine .
For years those who had heard the noise , often described by them as a " hum " , had been looking for answers .
4 . Black Dahlia
In either case , Short was not generally known as the " Black Dahlia " during her lifetime.
5 . Comte de Saint Germain
Since his death , various occult organizations have adopted him as a model figure or even as a powerful deity .
For over one hundred years people have tried to break the code but not avail .
7 . Jack the Ripper
In some cases the bodies were discovered just minutes after the ripper had left the scene .
To this day no one knows who the ripper was .
Although substantial documentation exists to show that many of the reports have been exaggerated , there is still no explanation for the unusually large number of disappearances in the area .
In his second shooting in Vallejo , he attempted to kill two people , but one survived despite gunshots to the head and neck .
The cypher was decrypted to read :
The last eighteen letters have not been decrypted .
During the analysis of the film footage of the assasination of John F. Kennedy in 1963 , a mysterious woman was spotted .
Even after the shooting when most people had fled the area , she remained in place and continued to film .
She is generally regarded as a fraud .
To this day , no one knows who the Babushka Woman is and what she was doing there .
11 . The Creation of Man
The basic mystery is where did we come from ?
There are many arguments against evolution , mostly ( in the West ) from fundamentalist Christian bodies .
Creationists generally believe the earth to be several thousand years old .
It is considered by many to be naturally made , but because of the unusual arrangement of the stones , many believe it to be a part of the lost city of Atlantis ( first spoken of by Plato ) .
" A portion of the temples may yet be discovered under the slime of ages and sea water near Bimini…
Concretions of shell and sand form hard sedimentary rock which over time fractures in straight lines and then at ninety degree angles .
In 1584 , Sir Walter Raleigh dispatched an expedition to the East Coast of North America as Queen Elizabeth I had given him permission to colonise Virginia .
In 1857 121 new colonists arrived and found the local natives ( the Croatans ) to be friendly .
The leader ( John White ) returned toEngland leaving behind ninety men , seventeen women , and eleven children .
The settlement became known as the Lost Colony and no members of it were ever seen again .
14 . Marfa lights
The lights are described as being the size of a basketball , floating in the air at around shoulder height .
Sightings are rare but there is a large amount of photographic and video evidence .
Jimmy Hoffa was an American labor leader , and criminal convict .
He had been due to meet two Mafia leaders , Anthony " Tony Jack " Giacalone from Detroit and Anthony " Tony Pro " Provenzano from Union City , New Jersey and New York City .
The Gettysburg Address
President Abraham Lincoln
Now we are engaged in a great civil war , testing whether that nation , or any nation so conceived and so dedicated , can long endure .
But , in a larger sense , we can not dedicate , can not consecrate , can not hallow -- this ground .
It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us - that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion - that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain - that this nation , under God , shall have a new birth of freedom - and that government of the people , by the people , for the people , shall not perish from the earth .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
" Hark at the wind , " said Mr. White , who , having seen a fatal mistake after it was too late , was amiably desirous of preventing his son from seeing it .
" Mate , " replied the son .
I do n't know what people are thinking about .
" Never mind , dear , " said his wife soothingly ; " perhaps you 'll win the next one . "
The words died away on his lips , and he hid a guilty grin in his thin grey beard .
" Sergeant Major Morris , " he said , introducing him .
At the third glass his eyes got brighter , and he began to talk , the little family circle regarding with eager interest this visitor from distant parts , as he squared his broad shoulders in the chair and spoke of strange scenes and doughty deeds , of wars and plagues and strange peoples .
" He do n't look to have taken much harm , " said Mrs. White politely .
" I should like to see those old temples , fakirs and jugglers , " said the old man .
" Monkey 's paw ? " said Mrs. White curiously .
His three listeners leaned forward eagerly .
He took something out of his pocket and proffered it .
" It had a spell put on it by an old fakir , " said the sergeant major , " a very holy man .
" Well , why do n't you have three , sir ? " said Herbert White cleverly .
The soldier regarded him in the way that middle age is wont to regard presumptuous youth .
" I did , " said the sergeant major , and his glass tapped against his strong teeth .
" I do n't know what the first two were , but the third was for death .
" What do you keep it for ? "
It has caused enough mischief already .
They think it 's a fairy tale , some of them , and those who do think anything of it want to try it first and pay me afterward . "
He took the paw , and dangling it between his front finger and thumb , suddenly threw it upon the fire .
" I won't , " said his friend doggedly .
The other shook his head and examined his new possession closely .
" Sounds like the Arabian Nights , " said Mrs. White , as she rose and began to set the supper .
Her husband drew the talisman from his pocket and then all three burst into laughter as the sergeant major , with a look of alarm on his face , caught him by the arm .
" If the tale about the monkey 's paw is not more truthful than those he has been telling us ," said Herbert , as the door closed behind their guest , just in time for him to catch the last train , " we shan't make much out of it . "
" He did n't want it , but I made him take it .
Wish to be an emperor , Father , to begin with ; then you can't be henpecked . "
" It seems to me I 've got all I want . "
" I wish for two hundred pounds , " said the old man distinctly .
"As I wished , it twisted in my hand like a snake . "
" Never mind , though ; there 's no harm done , but it gave me a shock all the same . "
" I expect you 'll find the cash tied up in a big bag in the middle of your bed , " said Herbert , as he bade them good night , " and something horrible squatting up on top of the wardrobe watching you as you pocket your ill-gotten gains . "
" I suppose all old soldiers are the same , " said Mrs. White .
" Might drop on his head from the sky , " said the frivolous Herbert .
His mother laughed , and following him to the door , watched him down the road , and returning to the breakfast table , was very happy at the expense of her husband 's credulity .
" I daresay , " said Mr. White , pouring himself out some beer ; " but for all that , the thing moved in my hand ; that I 'll swear to . "
His wife made no reply .
The fourth time he stood with his hand upon it , and then with sudden resolution flung it open and walked up the path .
She then waited as patiently as her sex would permit for him to broach his business , but he was at first strangely silent .
" Is anything the matter ? "
What is it ?
You 've not brought bad news , I 'm sure , sir , "
" Is he hurt ? "
" Oh , thank God ! " said the old woman , clasping her hands .
Thank-- "
" He was caught in the machinery , " said the visitor at length , in a low voice .
" It is hard . "
There was no reply ; the old woman 's face was white , her eyes staring , and her breath inaudible ; on the husband 's face was a look such as his friend the sergeant might have carried into his first action .
Mr. White dropped his wife 's hand , and rising to his feet , gazed with a look of horror at his visitor .
" Two hundred pounds , " was the answer .
It was all over so quickly that at first they could hardly realize it , and remained in a state of expectation , as though of something else to happen--something else which was to lighten this load , too heavy for old hearts to bear .
The room was in darkness , and the sound of subdued weeping came from the window .
" It is colder for my son , " said the old woman , and wept afresh .
" The monkey 's paw ! " she cried wildly .
Where is it ?
" I want it , " she said quietly .
She cried and laughed together , and bending over , kissed his cheek .
Why did n't you think of it ? "
" Was not that enough ? " he demanded fiercely .
Go down and get it quickly , and wish our boy alive again . "
" Good God , you are mad ! " he cried , aghast .
" Get back to bed , " he said unsteadily .
" We had the first wish granted , " said the old woman feverishly ; " why not the second ?"
The talisman was in its place , and a horrible fear that the unspoken wish might bring his mutilated son before him ere he could escape from the room seized upon him , and he caught his breath as he found that he had lost the direction of the door .
He was afraid of her .
He raised his hand .
He sat until he was chilled with the cold , glancing occasionally at the figure of the old woman peering through the window .
A stair creaked , and a squeaky mouse scurried noisily through the wall .
He stood motionless , his breath suspended until the knock was repeated .
" A rat , " said the old man , in shaking tones , " a rat .
" It 's Herbert ! " she screamed .
" It 's my boy ; it 's Herbert ! " she cried , struggling mechanically .
I must open the door . "
"You 're afraid of your own son , " she cried , struggling .
The old woman with a sudden wrench broke free and ran from the room .
" The bolt , " she cried loudly .
If he could only find it before the thing outside got in .
He heard the chair drawn back and the door opened .
The streetlamp flickering opposite shone on a quiet and deserted road .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The Crystal Palace was different from all other buildings in the world , for it was made of iron and glass .
The most wonderful piece of the machinery on show was Nasmyth 's steam hammer .
There were six million visitors in all , and the profits from the exhibition were used to build museums and colleges .
EVBCorpus
Gift markets in full swing on International Women 's Day
For the gift markets on International Women 's Day this year , cosmetics remain favourite products for students , office staff and State employees .
Such product sets priced from VND60,000-120,000 , include shampoo , shower gel and extra items such as a face-cloth and comb .
Many kinds of white and dark chocolates are made in different shapes such as hearts , scripts , and famous people and places .
Nguyen Nam , a student in Birmingham in the UK , says that his girlfriend is in Vietnam and he designed an e-card with a song , " More Than Words " to send to his girlfriend .
Big commercial centres have launched seasonal discounts and sales promotions for the occasion .
At Vincom commercial centre , well-known cosmetic and fashion names , such as Triumph , Minoshe , Loccitane and Jeep , have cut prices .
For three days ( March 6,7,8 ) , the Best Caring Centre will offer many surprises for customers , including lower prices and 300 bunches of roses to give to customers spending over VND2,000,000 .
The price of a branch of rose is about VND10,000 – 15,000 while a bunch of lilies or orchids is around VND200,000-300,000 and will continue to rise .
Rescued Chinese hostage dies in Philippines
Oscar Lu died in a Philippine hospital Monday , three days after security forces rescued him and another Chinese plywood factory worker on southern Basilan Island , where Abu Sayyaf militants had been holding them and demanding a ransom for their release , police said .
He was later beheaded after his family failed to meet a ransom demand .
It is on the U.S. list of terrorist organizations because of two decades of bomb attacks , kidnappings and attacks on civilians .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Other categories increased slightly such as household furnishings and appliances ( by 0.23 percent ) , medicine and health services ( by 0.21 percent ) .
The average price of gold on fell by 1.94 percent and the price of the US dollar was down by 0.28 percent .
Medicine and health services , transport , entertainment-tourism , education , and footwear and garments experienced increases , between from 0.03 percent and 1.97 percent .
Truong Sa islanders celebrate Tet
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Chung cakes in the making
Necessity is the mother of invention .
Pigs are slaughtered to make holiday dishes such as chung cake .
To do this , he says , banana leaves are cleaned and dried in the sun to make them softer and easier to wrap .
" Though we enjoy the Tet atmosphere as our compatriots do on the mainland , we do not forget our task of guarding the nation 's territorial waters , " says Chu Dinh Them , a soldier on Da Lat Island .
Lieutenant Vo Van Huy from Big Truong Sa Island says , " We feel at ease only when the entire nation enjoys the holiday peacefully . "
Like other islanders on Truong Sa , a couple named Vo Van Truong and Nguyen Thi Hanh are busy decorating their house for a nine-day-long holiday .
Meanwhile , volunteer teacher Bui Thi Nhung says she will not feel lonely during this Tet as she will have neighbours and pupils to relieve her homesickness .
But my love of the pupils helps me overcome these difficulties . "
Islanders understand that they are not alone , because Party and State leaders and tens of millions of Vietnamese people show their heart-felt appreciation and strong support for them .
EVBCorpus
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The commercial centres on the major roads like Nguyen Hue , Le Loi and Dong Khoi are colourfully decorated .
Nguyen Hue Flower Street spruced up for Tet
And dong leaves for chung cake
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The 2010 spring flower market opened in Dong Nai province 's Bien Hoa city on February 6 , with 170 pavilions displaying flowers from central and southwestern provinces .
This year 's Dong Nai flower market does not offer as many golden apricot flowers as in the previous years ; instead , there are mainly apricot trees planted in big pots .
Some trees with edible fruits are also being displayed .
The Hai Long company has set up 14 venues providing goods for people living in the communes of Dau Tieng , Tan Uyen , and Phu Giao rural districts in the southern province of Binh Duong .
Twelve venues selling raw fresh food have also opened in 7 other districts and towns in the province .
Many activities such as art shows , and folk games will take place on the sidelines of the event , which can be visited free of charge .
10 Foods tough to digest
Fried chicken
Anytime you take a food , dip it in batter and then deep fry it , you turn it into something that can be a bit hard on the gut .
The advice to forgo fried for flavorful alternatives is also helpful for other traditionally greasy snacks , like potato chips .
The result : an unpleasant heartburn-like feeling after you eat .
So rather than trying to mask spice with high-fat cream , opt for milder versions if you routinely suffer side effects .
One small brownie as an occasional treat probably is fine ; a triple brownie à la mode probably is not .
These acidic drinks can irritate the esophagus , stimulating the sensory nerves to feel more inflamed .
If you have n't eaten ( you down a big glass of first thing in the morning ) , your gut is already full of acid , so adding the extra can give you a stomach ache .
Nothing seems more benign than a bowl of mashed potatoes .
Make potato at home using lactose-free whole milk minus its after-effects .
But on the chance that you 're also deactivating some of the good compound , dietician Mary Ryan , suggests using mix of cooked and raw so that you can reap the benefits without suffering the consequences .
The bloating , cramping and gas are clear messages :
That 's because it 's essentially all fat , and fat lingers in the stomach longer than other foods before getting digested .
" Cooking them - or even just blanching them slightly - will the sulfur compounds that cause gas , " explains Ryan .
Beans have a notorious reputation for causing gastric distress .
The result , of course , is gas and bloating .
Sorbitol , the ingredient found in many sugar-free gums and candies can cause an uncomfortable buildup of gas in your gut .
The amount also is an important , warns Gidus .
EVBCorpus
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Do n't have time for intensive skin care ?
Good skin care and healthy lifestyle choices can help delay the natural aging process and prevent many skin problems .
A lifetime of sun exposure can cause wrinkles , freckles , age spots and rough , dry skin .
This is when the sun 's rays are the strongest .
Cover your skin with tightly long-sleeved shirts , long pants and wide-brimmed hats .
Apply the sunscreen 30 minutes before going outdoors and reapply every two hours , after heavy sweating or after being in water .
This depletes the skin of oxygen and nutrients , such as vitamin A , that are important to skin health .
If you smoke , the best way to protect your skin is to quit .
3 . Treat your skin gently
Limit your bath or shower time , and use warm - rather than hot - water .
Strong soaps can strip oil from your skin .
Instead , choose mild cleansers .
Shave in the direction the hair grows , not against it .
Find a moisturizer that fits your skin type and makes your skin look and feel soft .
The association between diet and acne is n't clear - but research suggests that a diet rich in vitamin C and low in fats and carbohydrates may promote younger looking skin .
Uncontrolled stress can make your skin more sensitive and trigger acne breakouts and other skin problems .
Military wins small battle in war against counterfeit chips
The DOJ has announced a small victory in the government 's long-running war to keep the country safe from ... overclockers ?
These counterfeits , some of which were outright fakes from China , and others of which were " remarked " versions of cheap chips that had been made to look like more expensive parts , have gone into countless critical military systems .
The clock-locking mechanisms the PC hardware scene fought for years were n't put in place to stop enthusiasts from wringing a few extra MHz out of a processor - they were used by Intel to stop remarkers who were scamming customers with secretly overclocked chips and costing chipmakers money in customer support calls and returns .
I 've heard stories of how , in the early days when this was still feasible , the government would either design its own chips or validate a third-party design , and then the feds would personally escort the mask set to the fab and watch to see that .
Such complete redundancy is wasteful , but it makes the resulting equipment fairly robust against compromises both natural and man-made .
First Inaugural Address
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
And I am certain that on this day my fellow Americans expect that on my induction into the Presidency , I will address them with a candor and a decision which the present situation of our people impels .
This is preeminently the time to speak the truth , the whole truth , frankly and boldly .
In every dark hour of our national life , a leadership of frankness and of vigor has met with that understanding and support of the people themselves which is essential to victory .
Values have shrunk to fantastic levels ; taxes have risen ; our ability to pay has fallen ; government of all kinds is faced by serious curtailment of income ; the means of exchange are frozen in the currents of trade ; the withered leaves of industrial enterprise lie on every side ; farmers find no markets for their produce ; and the savings of many years in thousands of families are gone .
We are stricken by no plague of locusts .
Primarily , this is because the rulers of the exchange of mankind 's goods have failed , through their own stubbornness and their own incompetence , have admitted their failure , and have abdicated .
True , they have tried .
Stripped of the lure of profit by which to induce our people to follow their false leadership , they have resorted to exhortations , pleading tearfully for restored confidence .
We may now restore that temple to the ancient truths .
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money .
Recognition of that falsity of material wealth as the standard of success goes hand in hand with the abandonment of the false belief that public office and high political position are to be valued only by the standards of pride of place and personal profit ; and there must be an end to a conduct in banking and in business which too often has given to a sacred trust the likeness of callous and selfish wrongdoing .
Our greatest primary task is to put people to work .
Yes , the task can be helped by definite efforts to raise the values of agricultural products , and with this the power to purchase the output of our cities .
It can be helped by the unifying of relief activities which today are often scattered , uneconomical , unequal .
There are many ways in which it can be helped , but it can never be helped by merely talking about it .
And finally , in our progress towards a resumption of work , we require two safeguards against a return of the evils of the old order .
And there must be provision for an adequate but sound currency .
These , my friends , are the lines of attack .
I favor , as a practical policy , the putting of first things first .
It is the way to recovery .
If I read the temper of our people correctly , we now realize , as we have never realized before , our interdependence on each other ; that we can not merely take , but we must give as well ; that if we are to go forward , we must move as a trained and loyal army willing to sacrifice for the good of a common discipline , because without such discipline no progress can be made , no leadership becomes effective .
This , I propose to offer , pledging that the larger purposes will bind upon us , bind upon us all as a sacred obligation with a unity of duty hitherto evoked only in times of armed strife .
Our Constitution is so simple , so practical that it is possible always to meet extraordinary needs by changes in emphasis and arrangement without loss of essential form .
But it may be that an unprecedented demand and need for undelayed action may call for temporary departure from that normal balance of public procedure .
These measures , or such other measures as the Congress may build out of its experience and wisdom , I shall seek , within my constitutional authority , to bring to speedy adoption .
I can do no less .
The people of the United States have not failed .
In the spirit of the gift I take it .
10 things that youth usually waste
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
In the itinerary to build a meaningful life , if you despise one of ten essential things below , it means you lost some of your vitality yourself .
When being age , trying to cling the health is so late .
Time : Each " valuable time " passes away can never get back .
If " nothing " , keep checking your time-fund !
Youth : is the time that people have most health and brainpower to do great things .
From a book , you can discovery many interested things around the world .
A chance may change you into a successful manager or a billionaire .
But , the age of the beauty is limited .
Take care of yourself now !
In fact , living alone , you feel so lonely and need family 's loving .
So that , if you think that traveling is just waste your time and money , just think again !
If not learning , you are letting your brain be wasted !
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Piere Balthazard , an associate professor at the Carey School of Business at Arizona State University , also says he can use neuroscientific techniques to help people improve the skills that play a part in leadership .
By attaching electrodes to their heads , he says he can measure electrical activity generated by neurons in their brain .
The idea is that more complex brains produce better situational awareness and adaptive thinking - essential skills for the modern soldier , who must be able to transition from front-line combat to nation building .
" If you could only assess and not develop then it 's only an exercise in social engineering , and that 's of no interest to me , " he said .
A subject is wired to software programmed to recognize " correct " functioning of a specific part of the brain .
Dr Bob Kentridge , a member of the Cognitive Neuroscience Research Unit at Durham University , in England , told CNN , " Even if you find differences in the brains of people with different leadership abilities , it 's very difficult to say if that difference is just related to leadership .
" Leadership is a fuzzy quality that it 's hard to say conclusively what you are changing " Kentridge added .
" There 's zero correlation between IQ and leadership , " Balthazard told .
He has currently analyzed the brains of between 200 and 225 subjects , including bankers and military leaders , and says he must test twice that amount before he has his " norm " .
If that happens , budding CEOs might be queuing up at neurotherapists to plug themselves in and turn themselves into the business brains of the future .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Japan is heading into a landmark election in a state of freefall .
Since pocketbook issues decide elections , it 's not surprising that Japanese voters appeared poised to toss out the ruling Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) , only the second time it has lost power in half a century .
Just as alarming , China has been making noises about replacing the dollar as the sole international reserve currency , and has begun conducting regional financing deals in Chinese yuan instead , a push Japanese officials see as a direct threat to the yen as well .
So Japan is preparing to usher in a new government against a backdrop of worry that the nation is already Asia 's political and economic also-ran , prematurely playing No. 2 to China .
" It 's nonsense for us to continue talking about competing with China ( for sole leadership in Asia ) when their economy will surpass ours by next year , " says Kobori , echoing the sentiments of other academics , writers , intellectuals , and even younger politicians within Japan .
They achieved that in the '80s , but they 've never figured out what to do for an encore , " says Columbia professor and Japan expert Gerald Curtis .
With Asia emerging as " the center of the global economy , its new growth engine , Japan now has to figure out how to put itself at the center of that center , " says Curtis .
Alarmingly , however , the DPJ manifesto did not even mention " growth " until it was attacked by the LDP , suggesting that the DPJ does n't quite get its predicament .
The Asian powers have a rough history dating to the Japanese occupation of China in World War II , and often competing interests in trade and security .
The DPJ has even proposed French-style child subsidies to boost the country 's birthrate , which would revive some of the economic dynamism Japan has lost as a result of having the world 's most rapidly aging population .
Yet the benefits of an aggressive regional strategy are clear - France , for example , has boosted its per capita income by 42 percent since the formation of the European Union in 1993 , and no one doubts that it has gained greatly by leveraging the common market .
The Japanese , who have hitherto focused more on economic ties to the U.S. and Europe , are slowly beginning to realize that they would do well to ride this train .
The population peaked in 2004 at 128 million , and is projected to fall to 90 million by 2055 .
America is putting 2 percent in , and is now in recovery .
Japanese businesspeople are hunting for one : on a recent visit to top companies in Japan , Curtis found executives talking less about naiju ( domestic demand ) than about jun-naiju ( pseudo–domestic demand ) , a new phrase that means demand in the home region of Asia .
Ultimately , trade in finished goods will rise , too .
It is typically one of the top four investors in China , yet it still sends nearly three times more of its direct investment in factories and companies to the United States .
Closer ties to China require some semblance of trust .
Peter Petri , a senior fellow at the East-West Center in Honolulu , calls this deal " a very important event " that says " we 're in this together , and even though the future is that China will be the dominant economy , Japan has a lot to contribute , too .
Japanese aid to ASEAN countries is growing , too .
To become " the center of the center of global growth ," as Curtis puts it , would make Japan more central to global diplomacy and politics as well .
But Japan has always been a one-dimensional economic power and , to regain global clout , it needs a return to real world-leading growth .
They dream of middle-power models , at most .
How to Manage Your Time Efficiently
Write out everything you want to accomplish , and make estimates on how long it 's going to take you to finish each step .
If you do that first , you 'll feel better for the rest of the day , knowing you do n't have to worry about it anymore.
End your day with something fun .
Do n't forget to work in time for rest , time for meals , and possibly time for a nap in the middle of your day .
You 'll find that there 's a limited amount of work you can do before you get exhausted .
Mix it up with a few fun activities and work that you enjoy .
A monotonous routine will only make you bored .
If you want to get things done , you better expect to run into at least a little bit of difficulty .
Have a snack , meditate , lie down for a bit .
It may take some time to find the right balance between work and other activities , but it will be worth it in the long run .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
IN the early 1990s , when Washington debated the alternatives of engaging or containing China , some clever wits suggested a hybrid : 'congagement ' .
Now , no one disputes the notion that China and the United States are strategic partners .
In all , government-to-government linkages between the two countries involve 60 bilateral dialogues .
Such arguments are not entirely convincing .
Former diplomat Christopher Clarke has suggested that the Sino-US financial symbiosis is more like " a mutual death grip in which neither side dares make a precipitous move for fear of going over the cliff with the other " .
This is understandable .
In the past decade , it has been fashionable to suggest that China might seek to undermine America 's alliance relationships in Asia .
He writes : " A more realistic Chinese goal may be to create a partnership with the US in which our Asian allies , such as Japan , South Korea , Australia , Thailand and the Philippines , are relegated to a subordinate status and the US and China would share Asian pre-eminence - at least for a time .'
China recently criticised claims made by Malaysia and Vietnam on disputed seabed and subsoil resources in that vital body of water .
Writing in Foreign Affairs in June , Ms Elizabeth Economy and Dr Adam Segal of the Council for Foreign Relations argued that the gulf in interests , values and capabilities between the two countries would prevent them from moving towards a great power condominium .
" The notion that a G-2 is developing is not correct , " he said .
This might sound reassuring for many countries in Asia .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Ionizing radiation - similar to x-rays - can penetrate tissue , and alter the part of the cell which regulates its growth and reproduction .
Who gets radiotherapy ?
But although radiotherapy alone can cure many cancers , in other cases the radiotherapy is given after surgery over the surrounding area to " mop up " any remaining cells which have spread from the original cancer site .
Although treatment timing varies depending on the type of cancer , its location , size , and the dose chosen by the doctors , it is not unusual to be given treatments every day for a few weeks .
The radiation can produce a sunburn-like effect on the skin as it passes through .
Are there long-term risks ?
The UK government is now investing in the latest machines .
The main efforts focus on delivering a more powerful radiotherapy beam accurately to smaller and smaller targets .
EVBCorpus
The risk of cyber-terrorism escalating to a nuclear strike is growing daily , according to a study
Without better protection of computer and information systems .
In fact , says the study , " This may be an easier alternative for terrorist groups than building or acquiring a nuclear weapon or dirty bomb themselves " .
" Cyber-terrorists could also provoke a nuclear launch by spoofing early warning and identification systems or by degrading communications networks . "
In Britain , Gordon Brown recently announced plans to step up online intelligence operations - while in the US , President Obama has said he intends to appoint a cyber-security tsar to ensure that protecting America 's computer systems " will be a national security priority " .
Chinese agency says " hidden trouble " in South China Sea becomes prominent
Text of report by Hong Kong-based news agency Zhongguo Tongxun She
However , hidden problems have become prominent .
This area remains stable , yet influenced by multiple parties .
" The Nansha dispute over the sovereignty of islands and the jurisdiction of the sea is , in essence , a collusion of strategic interests and competition for natural resource s , " said President Wu Shicun .
Neighboring countries in the region have already divided the South China Sea among themselves - an area characterized by overlapping oilfields .
China should not sit by and wait for foreign countries to execute plans for the joint development of resources .
At the end of last year , the Indonesian government set up a special bureau of arrests within the Ministry of Maritime and Fisheries Affairs .
Vessels of this bureau have broken into China 's traditional maritime territories many times to seize and suspend Chinese fishing boats .
The attitude of large international powers such as the United States and Australia - deserves our great attention .
According to this magazine , the Malaysian stage of this practice session began in the last 10 days of June .
US warship specialists said that the significance of the presence of US Aegis-equipped warships in the South China Sea is that once a war breaks out , the US warships may create an anti-air shield in the South China Sea .
Obama Opens Policy Talks With China
WASHINGTON - The United States and China inaugurated two days of high-level talks on Monday , exchanging promises of great-power cooperation on weighty issues like climate change while steering clear of potential conflicts over exchange rates and human rights .
" But that only makes dialogue more important . "
Ticking off a long list of priorities , the president said the two countries would seek ways to work together on economic recovery , climate change , clean-energy technology , nuclear nonproliferation , counterterrorism and humanitarian disasters like the one in Darfur , Sudan .
By broadening the scope , China and the United States were able to forge common cause on issues like North Korea .
Mr. Obama referred frankly to tensions over human rights , saying that the United States believes the " That all peoples should be free to speak their minds - and that includes ethnic and religious minorities in China . "
The Chinese delegation was led by Wang Qishan , a vice premier who oversees economic policy , and Dai Bingguo , a state councilor responsible for foreign policy .
While there are nascent signs of recovery in both countries , Mr. Obama stressed the need for Americans to save more and for Chinese consumers to spend more .
Arvind Subramanian , a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics , said , " The currency issue is going to remain important because of the need to get to 'balanced growth . " "
" Let 's be honest , " Mr. Obama said , " some in China think that America will try to contain China 's ambitions ; some in America that think there is something to fear in a rising China .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Published : July 27 2009 19:36 - Lastest updated : July 28 2009 00:43
Mr Obama said : " Some in China think that America will try to contain China 's ambitions ; some in America think that there is something to fear in a rising China .
The relationship remains largely defined by China 's status as the world 's biggest holder of US Treasury bonds , which heightens Beijing 's influence over Washington and increases its exposure to the battered US economy and swelling deficit .
Mr Dai said that the two countries were " in the same big boat that has been hit by fierce wind and huge waves , with our interests interconnected , sharing weal and woe " .
While he praised China for " lifting hundreds of millions of people out of poverty " , he also highlighted US calls for " the religion and culture of all ­peoples ( to ) be respected and protected " .
He also said that the US would help China win greater representation at international organisations such as the International Monetary Fund .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
That process , known as the Strategic Economic Dialogue ( no " and " ) , was primarily intended to address bilateral economic issues such as the dollar-renminbi exchange rate .
Two top-ranking Chinese officials , Vice Premier Wang Qishan and State Councilor Bingguo Dai , will be in Washington for meetings Monday and Tuesday with Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who has just returned from meetings in India and Thailand .
Clinton 's latest efforts to persuade India to consider capping its emissions met with a stiff rebuff in New Delhi on her recent trip .
" China has been extremely positive and productive in respect to North Korea , " Clinton said on NBC 's Meet the Press Sunday .
Another State Department official said that Clinton is " asserting back " the department 's role and claiming " leadership in shaping U.S.-China relations . "
( Hormats is a member of FP 's editorial board . )
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Greg Torode , Chief Asia correspondent
Mrs Clinton 's presence at the annual meeting of the notoriously limp Asean is merely one sign of such developments .
Washington is also reviewing its approach to the recalcitrant generals running Myanmar and is seeking to work more closely with the region to force change in Southeast Asia 's most unpalatable regime .
" They know the US remains important long term and are reaching out ?
Talk privately with veteran Southeast Asian diplomats and the sentiment is echoed .
And I think the two big guys understand that , " one Thai envoy said .
The relationship with Indonesia - a surprising democratic success story - is one certain to garner considerable attention in the latter half of the year .
Then there is the unique leverage of Mr Obama , who spent part of his childhood in Jakarta and is arguably the most popular politician in the country as a result .
He highlighted its role as a leading voice of relative Islamic tolerance in his recent Cairo speech to the Muslim world .
He specifically mentioned China 's warnings to US oil firms engaged in legal exploration deals with Vietnam .
They want to lift the level of exchanges . "
The old certainties that have guided life in one of the region 's freest , most democratic nations are ending as the revered monarch , King Bhumibol Adulyadej , enters the twilight of his long reign .
While she may be saying publicly that the US is back , more quietly , Washington 's diplomats are trying to show that they never really left .
U.S. Collaboration with the Lower Mekong Countries on the Environment , Health and Education
Environment : The U.S. will spend more than $ 7 million in 2009 on environmental programs in the Mekong Region .
- Support for projects that promote the sustainable use of forest and water resources , preserve the tremendous biodiversity of the Mekong Basin , and increase access to safe drinking water .
- Pandemic influenza - the U.S. has provided $ 95 million since 2006 to support ongoing programs in Mekong countries to prepare for , and respond to threats from , outbreaks of pandemic influenza .
- Support for more than 500 student and scholarly exchanges with Mekong countries each year through the Fulbright Program and other educational programs .
EVBCorpus
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton met with the foreign ministers of Cambodia , Laos , Thailand and Vietnam in the Thai island of Phuket during the ASEAN Regional Forum .
During their meeting , the five nations pledged to hold annual ministerial meetings to discuss progress .
On Wednesday , Clinton said the meeting would discuss " our shared interests and our emerging partnership on issues related to water , health and the environment " .
The WWF said in June that pollution in the Mekong has pushed freshwater dolphins in Cambodia and Laos to the brink of extinction , sparking a furious Cambodian government denial .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Washington , DC
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton underlined the importance of the Lower Mekong region and its individual countries to the United States and America's commitment to advancing peace and prosperity in the ASEAN region as a whole .
The Ministers reviewed ongoing joint efforts in these areas , and agreed to explore new areas of cooperation .
EVBCorpus
WASHINGTON ( AFP ) - A US official voiced concern Wednesday about tensions between China and Vietnam over the resource -rich South China Sea and pledged to defend US oil companies operating in the region .
" We have raised our concerns with China directly .
" We have also urged that all claimants exercise restraint and avoid aggressive actions to resolve competing claims , " he said .
The islands - known as the Xisha by China - are considered strategic outposts with potentially vast oil and gas reserves , and rich fishing grounds .
Tension mounted earlier this year when Vietnam named a " president " for a government body overseeing the disputed archipelago .
" US policy continues to be that we do not take sides on the competing legal claims over territorial sovereignty in the South China Sea , " Marciel said .
The paradox that is Chinese democracy
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The study - a large-scale project in which research teams conducted surveys in five new democracies ( South Korea , Taiwan , the Philippines , Thailand and Mongolia ) , one established democracy ( Japan ) and two non-democracies ( China and Hong Kong ) - was published by Columbia University Press as a book entitled How East Asians View Democracy .
Ironically , only 24.3 percent of the people in Japan , which is the oldest established democracy in the region , agreed that their form of government was the best for them - the lowest of all the countries surveyed
What is also striking is that a substantial majority of Chinese - 81.7 percent - asked if they were satisfied with the way democracy was working in their country , again answered " yes " .
The Chinese government maintains that it is practising a form of democracy without holding national elections but " with Chinese characteristics " and , it appears , their people accept that explanation .
And it certainly does not reflect the sentiments of human rights lawyers and people who sign petitions calling for political reform .
Considering that the Chinese economy has been booming while that of Japan has been stagnant for many years , it is natural to infer that respondents are rating their government according to its economic performance .
An assumption underlying much Western criticism of Beijing is that if the Chinese people were free to choose for themselves , they would choose democracy .
Moreover , if citizens on their own support an authoritarian government , doesn't that alone lend the government a democratic hue ?
If a government can retain its popular support only by keeping its people ignorant , then that government cannot be said to truly enjoy the support of the public .
EVBCorpus
JULY 2 2009
Those concerns were highlighted Tuesday , when Fitch Ratings downgraded Vietnam 's local currency rating , citing " a steady deterioration in the country 's fiscal position " and a banking system that's " vulnerable to potential systemic stress " as the government floods the economy with credit .
Similar worries affect the U.S. and China , which are under pressure to prepare to pull in the reins of government stimulus .
Since the onset of the global economic crisis , state banks have poured at least $ 19 billion in loans into the economy , equivalent to about one-fifth of the country's annual gross domestic product , according to the government .
Vietnam 's economy expanded 6.2% in 2008 and 8.5% in 2007 .
Providing lots of credit is " a good strategy .
In the dust-choked eastern suburbs of Hanoi , for instance , a property boom is in full swing .
Some units have changed hands five times or more and prices have risen six-fold since the project was launched at the peak of Vietnam's boom in 2007 , she says .
" They are trying to turn back the clock to 2006 and 2007 , when the name of the game was exporting as much as possible to profligate Americans .
" It might be good to pause and reflect whether sustaining economic activity should remain the single priority , " the World Bank said .
But Vietnam doesn't calculate bad-debt rates according to international standards .
Vietnam : Heading into China 's orbit
EVBCorpus
Editorial
Supported by other critics , he said Hanoi's US $ 15 billion ( S $ 22 billion ) plan to tap the country 's bauxite reserves would damage the environment , displace minority populations and threaten national security .
The outburst by Gen Giap - who in his heyday defeated the French and American armies - is significant .
Despite its ingrained suspicion of its northern neighbour , however , Vietnam had approved the bauxite deal .
The worry is that China has pursued such contracts - and political patronage - while giving scant regard to issues such as human rights abuses , arms proliferation and environmental degradation .
Still , Beijing 's growth-at-all-costs strategy could emerge as a win-win for both Vietnam and China .
In the final calculation , however , the magnetic pull of China 's economy might prove too compelling for Hanoi .
One only needs to look at Australia 's recent history to predict Vietnam's position vis-a-vis China .
A Global Recovery for a Global Recession
A Global Recovery for a Global Recession
This article appeared in the July 13 , 2009 edition of The Nation
America 's financial markets failed to do what they should have done - manage risk and allocate capital well - and these failures have had a major impact all over the world .
September 15 , 2008 , has reinforced that lesson .
The result is that there is less coordination than there should be , as well as a smaller and less well-designed stimulus than is optimal .
A poorly designed and insufficient stimulus means that the downturn will last longer , the recovery will be slower and there will be more innocent victims .
The world has two choices : either we move to a better global regulatory system , or we lose some of the important benefits that have resulted from globalization .
A United Nations meeting in late June hopes to continue the global discussion begun at earlier G-20 meetings and to extend this discussion to what went wrong in the first place so that we can do a better job of preventing another crisis .
Many from the advanced industrial countries would like to avoid overly harsh criticism of their banks , which played a pivotal role in the crisis , or of the international economic institutions that not only failed to prevent the crisis but pushed the deregulatory policies that contributed so much to it and its rapid spread around the world .
It is too soon to tell whether it will , or if anything concrete will come from the meeting .
In addition , the commission recommends ten deeper reforms to the global financial system on which work needs to begin .
The United States may have the resources to bail out its banks and stimulate its economy , but developing countries do not .
Assistance has to be provided in grants , not just loans .
Although those providing assistance want to be sure their money is used well , these kinds of conditions are counterproductive and make many developing countries reluctant to accept help .
To help fund the large amount of assistance required , developed countries should set aside 1 percent of their stimulus package to help developing countries .
The G-20 did make significant efforts to expand the IMF 's lending capacity --partly , some suspect , because of the role the IMF may play in rescuing Eastern Europe rather than because of its desire to help the least developed countries .
The United States , for example , included a " buy American " provision in its stimulus bill , but many advanced industrial countries are exempt from this provision due to a WTO government procurement agreement .
It is one thing for firms from poor countries to compete against well-capitalized US firms ; it is another to compete against Washington .
First , the crisis was caused by excesses of deregulation and deficiencies in the enforcement of existing regulations .
Fifth , perverse incentives that encouraged excessive risk-taking and shortsighted behavior contributed to bad banking practices .
Eighth , unless regulation is comprehensive there can be a " race to the bottom , " with countries with lax regulation competing to attract financial services .
And tenth , regulation has to be comprehensive across financial institutions .
What will replace that discipline ?
The G-20 did take long-overdue action on nontransparent offshore banking centers .
Why was so much effort spent on these extraneous issues rather than on those more directly related to the crisis ?
Financial and capital market liberalization --as well as banking deregulation -- contributed to the crisis and to the spread of the crisis from the United States to developing countries .
As I noted , the IMF and the Financial Stability Forum --created in the aftermath of the last global financial crisis , in 1997-98 -- did not prevent the crisis .
It is important to move from ad-hoc arrangements to more inclusive and representative institutional frameworks .
The IMF -- dominated by the creditor countries -- cannot play a central role in designing such a mechanism ( any more than we in the United States should turn to our banks to design a good bankruptcy law ) .
They did n't pay deposit insurance ; there is no contract committing us to pick up the pieces .
Iceland 's banking problems illustrate the potential seriousness of these cross-border problems .
Most important , the UN commission calls attention to the need for reform in the dollar-based global reserve system ; it advocates the creation of a global reserve system .
The commission has argued persuasively that this problem must be addressed if we are to have a robust global recovery .
They would be happier with a few harsh words for the offshore islands , a few cosmetic reforms to banking regulation , a few lectures about hedge funds ( which , like offshore banking centers , were not at the center of this crisis ) , a new name and a couple of new members for the Financial Stability Forum --and_then for us to move on .
This task will not be accomplished overnight .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
He was rushed by ambulance to a medical centre , with reports from several US media outlets saying the 50-year-old star has died .
He has a history of health problems and has not completed a concert tour in 12 years .
Crowds have begun to gather outside and the emergency centre has been roped off by police.
Jackson began his career as a child in family group The Jackson 5 .
Obama signs law curbing surprise credit card fees
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Obama signs law curbing surprise credit card fees
Though opposed by many financial companies , the bill cleared Congress with broad support .
" Some get in over their heads by not using their heads , " the president said .
And yet , he said , for many of the millions of Americans , trying to get out of debt has been made difficult and bewildering by their credit card companies .
The Federal Reserve estimates the nation is some $ 2.5 trillion in debt , a figure that does not include home mortgages .
" We 're here to put a change to all that , " Obama said .
They watched gun-rights supporters gain a victory from a Democratic-controlled Congress and a Democratic president that they could n't achieve under a Republican Congress and president .
A customer also will have to be more than 60 days behind on a payment before seeing a rate increase on an existing balance .
Those measures could include more cards with annual fees and the loss of a grace period before interest accrues , which would affect even those consumers who pay off their balance each month .
Obama decried the " uneasy , unstable dependence " that a minority of card users have on credit .
EVBCorpus
Cyberwarfare arms race with China imminent
Some of his information , however , seems to be misleading , especially about China 's " top secret " OS .
A congressional commission that reviews economic and security relations between the United States and China held a hearing last month on Chinese intelligence activities that impact national security .
During this hearing , security expert Kevin G. Coleman of the Technolytics Institute think tank gave a presentation on Chinese cyber-espionage efforts .
Coleman discussed several prominent threat vectors and outlined some areas where he believes that the US military needs to take action in order to boost its cyber-warfare preparedness .
One of the topics that he addressed during the panel is the risk of hardware tampering .
" We need to examine in detail and further quantify the risk that the global supply of components , sub-assemblies , assemblies , sub-systems and systems pose to the integrity of our critical information infrastructure and our highly computerized military , " Coleman said .
" If we are not going to build everything we need here at home , then we need to advance the current testing and validation tools and techniques as well as our system covert compromise monitoring and detection capabilities . "
Coleman also emphasized the need for continuous investment in cyberwarfare capabilities .
The growing use of zombie botnets by sophisticated attackers is making it harder to determine who is orchestrating attacks and where those attacks are originating .
He suggested that one possible solution is to catalog the characteristics of malicious code and use that as a kind of " digital DNA " to help trace the software back to its creator .
Coleman warned that the Chinese are hardening their technical infrastructure and using new technologies that are believed to be more resistant to infiltration .
" This race was intensified when China created Kylin , their own hardened server operating system and began to convert their systems back in 2007 , " he said .
This statement was widely reported by the press , but much of the coverage ( and Coleman himself ) appears to be of dubious accuracy .
Certain aspects of Kylin 's design are documented in mainstream computing journals like IEEE.
Coleman 's mis characterization of Kylin raises questions about his agenda .
EVBCorpus
Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy party and diplomatic sources had worried the government might drag out the legal proceedings for several months , until the media lost interest .
But at the end of proceedings Tuesday , party 's spokesman Nyan Win said the court had questioned five witnesses .
Nyan Win thinks the court might be speeding up the hearings so it can issue a verdict within seven days - before Suu Kyi 's latest round of home detention expires .
The 1991 Nobel Peace Prize winner has been under house arrest for 13 of the past 19 years - a confinement that the military junta has regularly extended .
" The trial is a mockery , " the nine Nobel Peace prize winners said in a letter to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Monday , urging him to intervene .
The southeast Asian country was known as Burma before the military government changed it to Myanmar .
The case is being tried behind closed doors inside a prison compound near Yangon .
The government-controlled media also made its first mention of the trial - after carrying no reports about it before it began , or on its first day .
The government said Yettaw presence in the closely guarded home violated the conditions of Suu Kyi 's house arrest .
The country 's regime rarely allows Suu Kyi visitors , and foreigners are not allowed overnight stays in local households without government permission .
During the hearing Tuesday , four police witnesses and a civilian testified how Yettaw was fished out from Inya Lake after he left Suu Kyi 's house .
Suu Kyi 's lawyers are expected to argue that the pro-democracy advocate knew nothing about the American 's plan to visit her and that she tried in vain to get him to leave .
The defense will also try to turn the charges on their head , arguing that the government failed to protect Suu Kyi .
Another lawyer , U Kyi Win , said Yettaw refused to leave - first saying he didn't want to swim in daylight for fear of being captured , and later blaming leg cramps .
She was disqualified from serving because of her house arrest , and the military junta ignored the results .
This makes Suu Kyi ineligible .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Prime_Minister Kevin Rudd said the delay was necessary because of the poor economic climate .
The environmental lobby , meanwhile , says that the targets are not tough enough .
" The worst global recession since the great depression means we must adapt our climate change measures but not abandon them ," he said .
" This , we believe represents an appropriate response to current uncertainty , " he said .
Mr Rudd needs the support of Greens senators to pass the carbon trading legislation .
He also conceded that there had been international pressure on Australia to make deeper cuts in emissions .
EVBCorpus
Is Copycat Behavior Driving Murder-Suicides ?
On April 3 , a gunman went on a shooting rampage in an immigration center in Binghamton , New York , killing 13 people before taking his own life .
But it has got some observers wondering why .
But Steven Stack , professor of psychiatry and criminal justice at Wayne State University , offers another explanation : the copycat effect .
Since then , there has been much research into copycat events - mostly copycat suicides , which appear to be most common - but , taken together , the findings are inconclusive .
Stack explains in his studies that were able to find associations were those that tended to involve celebrity death or heavy media coverage - factors that , unsurprisingly , tend to co-occur .
In the month after Marilyn Monroe 's death , for example , the suicide rate in the U.S. rose by 12% .
" There was a significant increase in national monthly suicide rates , " he said .
Love at first sight might be genetic
Love at first sight might be genetic
The researchers mated female fruit flies with males from the same strain , and from a different strain , and noted differences in reproductive attributes and behavior soon after mating .
" You could call it love at first encounter " said study co-author Andrew Clark of Cornell University .
" The idea of priming is that even when the female is in the absence of males , that 's her way , her status is this configuration of proteins , " Clark told LiveScience .
" In mammals , including humans , the answer seems to be " yes " , there is some differential pregnancy success deepening on the female 's sensing of the male , and as a result of the genetic quality of males , " Clark said .
But I do not know of any direct evidence of this in humans .
EVBCorpus
By AFP - Sun Apr 5 , 4:58 PM PDT
OTTAWA ( AFP ) - A Canadian man was found guilty this weekend of murdering two women and sexually assaulting others by not warning them before having unprotected sex that he carried the virus that causes AIDS .
He is the first person in Canada to be convicted of murder for recklessly spreading the virus .
" It is certainly precedent-setting here in Canada because we now have a conviction for first-degree murder involving HIV transmission , " prosecutor Karen Shea told the Ottawa Citizen .
Several others were exposed but tested negative for the virus .
Tropics are a boon for baby girls
Tropics are a boon for baby girls
It points to big differences in the proportions of male to female births between tropical latitudes and temperate and sub-arctic latitudes .
University of Georgia endocrinologist Kristen Navara looked at official data collected from 202 countries over a decade , from 1997-2006 , and published in the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) World Factbook .
" Significantly more females were produced at tropical latitudes , " she told AFP .
She speculated that human gametes - sperm and eggs - may be affected by ambient light and temperature , and this could exert a bias in favour of one gender or another .
In China , the pro-male bias was 52.8 percent while in India it was 51.2 percent , slightly below the global mean , Navara said .
Obama 's housing plan " to help 9m "
The plan will provide refinancing to four to five million " responsible homeowners " on the verge of defaulting .
The announcement came one day after President Obama signed into law a $787bn ( £548bn ) economic stimulus package .
More than one million people in the US have lost their homes in the housing crisis , and President Obama said a further six million homes were at risk of foreclosure .
He also revealed a further $200bn in Treasury funding to mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , which underwrite more than half of all US mortgages .
Mixed reaction
US markets closed flat as investors greeted the plan with caution .
EVBCorpus
( CNN ) - At least 59 people were killed and more than 200 others injured early Thursday after a fire broke out at an upscale Bangkok nightclub where about 1,000 revelers were ringing in the new year , Thai police said .
Thirty bodies have been identified : 29 Thai nationals and one Singaporean , according to police.
The official did not release the victims " names or the extent of their injuries but said the department is in contact with them .
The blaze started near a stage where fireworks were being used as part of a performance on the club 's closing night , police Maj said .
" The lights went out , and at that moment , my back started burning , and I was breathing in hot air " .
He said he saw victims being rushed out of the fire on stretchers and spoke to witnesses , including a fellow Briton who saw fireworks being lit onstage .
The site advertises the club 's New Year 's party , which was named " Goodbye Santika " .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The industry and its stakeholders would have to restructure , he told NBC television 's Meet the Press .
He also named Japanese-American General Eric Shinseki as Veterans ' Affairs chief .
The general left his former job as US Army chief of staff after disagreeing with the then Defence Secretary , Donald Rumsfeld , over the number of US troops needed to control Iraq after the invasion .
There had been disagreement over where the money should come from , with Congressional Democrats opposing President George Bush 's proposal to modify a $25bn fund which was set up to promote fuel-efficient technologies .
But according to Congressional sources , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , a Democrat , has suggested that the fund could be used under certain conditions .
The 2008 winner of the Nobel economics prize Paul Krugman said he doubted the US car sector would survive , but that it was worth supporting it in the short term .
US car bail-out fails in Senate
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The White House said the bill had been the Big Three car makers ' " best chance to avoid a disorderly bankruptcy .
The BBC 's Andy Gallacher in Washington says it was always going to be a battle to get the US Senate to approve the $ 14bn bridging loan .
The atmosphere in the Senate was tense and at times emotional as the Democrats made last minute pleas to get their Republican counterparts to vote in favour of helping America 's biggest car makers - General Motors , Chrysler and Ford .
The Senate majority leader , Harry Reid , said he was " terribly disappointed " when it became clear the vote had collapsed , calling it a " a loss for the country " .
" I dread looking at Wall Street tomorrow .
Sen Reid said there had been too many differences between the Democratic and Republican representatives .
Republican Sen Bob Corker said the two sides had been very close to a deal , but that the UAW 's rejection of wage concessions before 2011 , when its current contract with the car makers expires , had kept them apart .
Our correspondent says it is clear now that there will be no Congressional action on a bail-out this year .
The deal would have given the Big Three access to emergency funding to help them cope with the sharp downturn in sales because of the global financial crisis .
The Big Three have all seen sales fall sharply this year in the US.
Winter Gives a Hard Chop to Washington 's Cherry Trees
Workers are busy preparing for this year 's National Cherry Blossom Festival , set to begin March 27 .
But the recent storms that buried the city broke more than seasonal records .
In the spring , crowds expect a beautiful show as the trees blossom along the edge of the Tidal Basin next to the Jefferson Memorial .
But the National Park Service says people can expect the usual show of pink and white flowers .
Twelve kinds of cherry trees grow around the Tidal Basin .
The Japanese later sent two more gifts of cherry trees .
Sour cherries , sometimes called tart cherries , are used in foods and drinks .
As a boy George Washington supposedly told his father : " I cannot tell a lie .
Monday was George Washington 's birthday .
Children then learned the story of the cherry tree in a school book , and it became rooted in popular history .
EVBCorpus
A private organization , the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund , organized the trip .
They 're not looking back at the war , " said Patrick Pellerin , a veteran of the fighting there .
They 're hustling , bustling " .
I had no idea what to expect .
One unexpected reality for several of the Americans is how the war is still devastating lives .
" It 's something we do n't think about over here , " said Pellerin at the Washington , D.C. presentation .
The Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund has been helping to de-mine problem areas in Vietnam .
The organization says more than 350,000 tons of old explosives remain in Vietnam , most it from U.S. forces .
Even with the remnants of war , many Vietnamese seem to have moved on .
They were very nice .
I think they 've put it all behind them and certainly our guys have put it behind us . "
" It absolutely floored me . "
Toyota Posts Optimistic Outlook for 2011
Toyota Posts Optimistic Outlook for 2011
The company on Wednesday posted a $ 2.2 billion profit in the second quarter of 2010 that spanned from April to June .
Toyota has benefitted from sales incentives in the U.S. market , a weak yen , which lowers the costs of vehicles in overseas markets , plus government subsidies for Japanese consumers seeking to buy fuel-efficient cars .
EVBCorpus
The Foreign Office has updated its travel advice for Europe , warning of a " high threat " of attacks in countries including France and Germany .
The FCO spokeswoman said : " Like other large European countries , ( France and Germany ) have a high threat of terrorism , which is reflected in our updated travel advice .
There is the one to Britons in Britain put out by the Home Office and that remains unchanged at severe .
It 's gone up to high and is advising Britons to be vigilant .
There is an element of back cover in all of this .
" We therefore attach great importance to providing information about personal safety and security overseas to enable people to make informed decisions about travel . "
The new level is the highest the FCO records and is based on information from a variety of sources including the Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre , security and intelligence agencies , diplomatic and media reports , local knowledge and embassy reports .
The current threat level indicates an attack is " highly likely " .
They said cities in the UK , France and Germany were thought to be targets for the militants , in attacks analysts feared could be similar to the 2008 atrocities in Mumbai .
Our threat level remains at " severe " - meaning that an attack is highly likely .
High - a high level of known terrorist activity
Low - no or limited known terrorist activity
" We ca n't comment on the specifics but the need for vigilance is very strong , " he said .
Whether the State Department issues a travel alert is the decision of the State Department but this alert is responsive to the President 's direction that we spare no effort . "
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The cables offer candid and sometimes unflattering views of world leaders and frank assessments of security threats .
" I am confident that the partnerships that the Obama administration has worked so hard to build , will withstand this challenge . "
Mrs Clinton said it was essential that the diplomatic community be able to conduct private communications .
" Every country , including the United States , must be able to have candid conversations about the people and nations with whom they deal .
The cables are a huge sampling of communications between the US State Department and its embassies and consulates around the world .
Among the revelations is a report that King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia , among other Arab leaders , urged the US to destroy Iran 's nuclear facilities .
A series of cables earlier this year from the US embassy in Seoul concern the possibility of the collapse of the North Korean regime .
President Nicolas Sarkozy of France is said to be thin-skinned and authoritarian , while German Chancellor Angela Merkel is described as risk-averse .
Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry , meanwhile , condemned what it called " the irresponsible disclosure of sensitive official documents " .
At least 21 killed in train accident in Bangladesh
At least 21 people were killed in a collision between two passenger trains in Bangladesh 's Narsingdi district , 51 kms northeast of capital Dhaka at about 5 PM local time on December 8 .
Wounded people rescued from the damaged compartments were being rushed to the hospitals .
In angry scenes , protesters battled with police in Parliament Square .
Clarence House said the royal couple were safe and attended the Royal Variety performance as scheduled .
Three ministerial aides resigned .
There were angry clashes as protesters - some throwing missiles - fought to break through police lines .
Other reported actions taken by the protesters include :
Smashing windows at shops in Oxford Street
In violent scenes earlier , the BBC 's Mark Georgiou said there had been injuries to both police and protesters near to Westminster Abbey .
" I have spoken to Paul Stephenson , the Metropolitan Police Commissioner , and he has updated me on the appalling levels of violence seen today .
Students from around the UK gathered in London for a day of protests and a rally - with police expecting about 20,000 demonstrators .
Police search for bodies near plant
Police search for bodies near plant
Staff are working to bring the nuclear plant under control , after cooling systems at three reactors were knocked out by the quake .
" The search started around 1000 and will continue until sunset , " a police spokesman said .
The earthquake left 13,456 people dead and another 14,851 missing .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
With every sip he takes , a big bump moves up and down on the front of his neck .
And neither do any of the girls you know , no matter how old they are .
When kids hit puberty , their bodies and minds go through tons of changes .
Almost every part gets in on the growing action , including the larynx .
When you feel vibrations under your fingers , you 've found it !
That 's why boys have Adam 's apples .
If you think it 's called that after the story of the Garden of Eden where Adam ate a piece of the forbidden fruit that got stuck in his throat , you 're right .
But because boys ' larynxes grow so much more , it makes their voices deeper than girls ' voices .
Gamers crack AIDS puzzle
In what might be a significant breakthrough in HIV_AIDS research , online gamers playing a game called Foldit have cracked a key protein structure problem that has had scientists scratching their heads for years .
Foldit invites players to predict protein structures .
The game was developed by researchers at the University of Washington , as a deliberate way to get gamers to compete by solving scientific problems .
By solving the mystery of the 3D structure of the protein , the gamers have helped scientists move a step forward in developing a drug that could stop viruses like HIV from spreading .
The study is a good example of how people skilled at video games can get involved in science and help solve a wide range of problems .
A particular challenge in this field is understanding how certain proteins fold into three-dimensional structures .
When they hit a correct move , that hits these factors , they get points .
" People have spatial reasoning skills , something computers are not yet good at . "
Written by Catharine Paddock PhD
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
On Sunday the government said 917 people have died from the disease , and 14,642 cases were admitted to hospitals .
The strategy includes public outreach , rapid response , access to health services , and ensuring clean water , sanitation and waste management .
The United Nations anticipates as many as 200,000 people will show symptoms of cholera in Haiti , ranging from mild cases of diarrhea to the most severe dehydration .
WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl says the current fatality rate of 6.5 percent is far higher than it should be .
It causes vomiting and diarrhea , and can quickly lead to severe dehydration and death .
2.6 Million Babies Stillborn Worldwide
Every day , the World Health Organization reports more than 7,200 babies are stillborn - ninety-eight percent of them occur in low and middle-income countries .
The highest rates , 47 per 1000 , are in Pakistan followed by Nigeria , Bangladesh , Djibouti and Senegal .
This is even slower than reductions for both maternal and child mortality in the same period .
There are causes due to infections in pregnancy , " she said .
We also know that with advancing age , mothers tend to experience most stillbirth and also with their first child . "
He says the vast majority of these stillbirths are not given a name .
They do not have a funeral .
He says they are disposed of in the simplest possible way .
" A large proportion of them are marginalized and there is significant stigma associated to having a stillbirth .
One out of four stillbirths around the globe are thought to be - thought by community to be caused by the mother 's own sins by witchcraft and evil spirits .
These include comprehensive emergency obstetric care , detection and treatment of syphilis , malaria prevention , detection and management of fetal growth restriction , of hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
It has filed a court motion to find out what it can do with the data left behind when Megaupload was shuttered .
It suggests getting help paying for the maintenance or starting a programme to give data back to former users .
Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom ( formerly Schmitz ) and the firm 's senior managers arrested in the raid deny the charges .
Since the raid , Carpathia has spent about $ 567,000 maintaining this data even though Megaupload is no longer paying its bills .
Carpathia said one solution would be to briefly restore the Megaupload site and let users retrieve their data .
The US government and the Motion Picture Association of America , which helped co-ordinate the raid , have said they would not take custody of the data .
EVBCorpus
The study , to be published in the journal Diabetes , showed that eating low levels of carbohydrate changed bits of DNA .
Epigenetics
They showed that mothers with early pregnancy diets low in carbohydrates , such as sugars and starch , had children with these markers .
Professor Keith Godfrey , who is from the University of Southampton and led the international study , told the BBC : " What is surprising is that it explains a quarter of the difference in the fatness of children six to nine years later . "
Professor Godfrey said : " It is both a fascinating and potentially important piece of research .
" It strengthens the case for all women of reproductive age having greater access to nutritional , education and lifestyle support to improve the health of the next generation , and to reduce the risk of the conditions such as diabetes and heart disease , which often follow obesity . "
EVBCorpus
Dr Yu-Hung Chang from the National Health Research Institutes in Taiwan , and colleagues , studied nearly 1,850 elderly people aged 65 and over who were living independently at home and who took part in the nationally representative 1999-2000 Elderly Nutrition and Health Survey in Taiwan ( NAHSIT Elderly ) .
They also completed questionnaires that helped researchers assess their intellectual and physical function , and gave the usual demographic information such as financial status , employment status , age , gender , education , and ethnicity , plus lifestyle , health behaviors , and chronic disease medical status .
Nearly two-thirds of participants were under the age of 75 , and 54 % were men .
Those who went shopping more than once a week tended to be men at the younger end of the age range .
Compared with the least frequent shoppers , those who shopped every day had a 27% lower risk of death .
They conceded that perhaps the ability to shop is just reflective of a person 's health , and frequent shoppers are just healthier people , but they also said it could work the other way around : frequent shopping itself may benefit health , for instance by increasing the opportunity to buy food , take an interest in your diet and health , meet companions , and also take exercise in a way that is easier and requires less motivation than formal methods .
Copyright : Medical News Today
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Study head injury patients helps identify regions involved in thinking abilities .
Study leader Aron Barbey , professor of neuroscience at University Illinois , said in a university news release .
This makes it difficult identify specific functions of individual brain structures .
Participants study underwent CT scans and a number of tests of intellectual abilities .
Findings offer new evidence that intelligence does not rely on just one brain region or brain whole , but rather specific brain areas work together in coordination , Barbey said .
Learning second language can boost brain power , scientists believe .
Experts say work in Proceedings of National Academy of Sciences provides " biological " evidence this .
But against a backdrop of noisy chatter , bilingual group was far superior processing sounds .
Bilingualists 's brainstem responses were heightened .
" It seems that benefits of bilingualism are particularly powerful and broad , and include attention , inhibition and encoding sound . "
Creative team behind London Olympic torch has won prestigious Design of Year award 2012 .
It is perforated with 8,000 holes , each representing one of torchbearers .
Olympic torch relay will run for 70 days ahead of London 2012 Olympic .
He added it demonstrates how design can celebrate traditional qualities in modern manner "
Recent RCA graduate Kihyun Kim won furniture prize for his balsa wood 1,3 Chair .
29 - In Vietnam , people clamor to learn English
In Vietnam , history is daily life .
Mandarin ?
With France , United States , Cambodia , China .
But Vietnam 's war with the United States was longer and bloodier than its short war with China in 1979 .
Now wherever you turn in Vietnam , people are learning English .
Who is all of 10 years old , is locally famous for mastery of English .
Other Vietnamese are drawn English for freedom it offers .
China is right next door .
Vietnamese people don't talk about their feelings .
Well-known singer My Linh , fluent English speaker , is raising her children speak good English .
" If we lose our language , we lose our culture . "
In Malaysia , nationalist politicians are promoting Malay language .
There apparently is great deal of interest in celestial bodies , and their locations and trajectories at the end of calendar year 2012 .
There is even fake NASA news So here is scientific reality on celestial happenings in year 2012 .
There is also no evidence of any kind for its gravitational affects upon bodies in our solar system .
Mayan calendar does not end in December 2012 .
This date is the end of Mayan long-count period , but then just as your calendar begins again on January 1 - another long-count period begins for Mayan calendar .
However , Earth routinely experiences these periods of increased solar activity - without worrisome effects .
Only Superman can do that .
Predictions of doomsday or dramatic changes on December 21 , 2012 are all false .
For any claims of disaster or dramatic changes 2012 , the burden of proof is making these claims .
The power of music : It 's a real heart opener
The power of music : It 's a real heart opener
For years , Miller , a research cardiologist , has been studying the effects of happiness - or things that make people happy - on our hearts .
So , he tested the effects of music on the cardiovascular system .
The setup was basically the same as with the laughter study : Using high-tech imaging , Miller measured blood vessel size as people listened to music .
That 's exactly what tension or stress does .
Constricted vessels can cause blood pressure to rise and increase the risk of heart attack and stroke .
A recent study out of Stanford University found elderly patients who were diagnosed with depression gained self-esteem and saw an improvement in their mood when they were visited by a music therapist .
Because music helps these patients relax , it decreases their pain , improves their moods and helps them to sleep better , especially during recovery .
Whether you like Beyoncé or the B-52s , Chopin or Johnny Cash , Miller found that listening repeatedly to the same tune diminished the music 's effects on the body .
" You just do n't get that boost if you listen to the same song over and over again ," he said .
So , the next time your boss gets on your nerves , or the kids are driving you crazy , or the car breaks down , do n't start pulling out your hair .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
By Randy Dotinga , HealthDay Reporter - Fri May 1 , 8:48 PM PDT
Whatever the case , the study " reminds us that we should evaluate and treat nocturia and its cause or causes , " said Dr. Robert Vorona , an assistant professor of sleep medicine at Eastern Virginia Medical School in Norfolk .
For the study , the researchers interviewed 788 people aged 70 and older in an urban area of northern Japan ; 429 were women and 359 were men .
The researchers found that those who urinated two or more times a night were 2.7 times more likely to die during the three-year period than those who urinated one or fewer times a night , on average .
There may be a very serious , yet treatable , condition involved .
" These patients might also not sleep well and be less alert during the day - thus they might be at increased risk for accidents , " Vorona said .
27 . APEC Officials Work to Boost Exports , Help Small Business
Trade ministers and officials from around Pacific are gathering in United States this week for talks intended to increase trade , economic growth and employment in their countries .
APEC expert Fred Bergsten says wide economic gaps between countries mean talks are likely to take quite a while .
Many APEC members regard TPP as a step toward Free Trade Area of Asia-Pacific , involve all 21 members .
Free-trade advocates say cutting tariffs lowers costs for consumers and creates markets for producers .
Need to create jobs is key reason APEC focusing on small businesses this year .
At the SBA , Senior International Trade Specialist Richard Ginzberg says 97 percent of U.S.exporters are small businesses .
Ginzberg says small companies often lack resources to cope with regulatory issues regarding exports , such as financing and taxes .
" This is incredibly dynamic region , incredible growth trends .
Baucus says thousands of diplomats , businessmen , and journalists will have good time in Big Sky , help his state 's ranchers , miners , and other businesses build relationships needed to make more sales .
Asia rapid economic growth may undermine stability because gap between rich poor is widening , Asia Development Bank has warned .
Not just bread
ADB estimates currently in most Asian countries wealthiest 5 % of population now account for 20 % of total expenditure .
People asking for more .
In its report , ADB said Gini coefficient in China had increased to 43 in 2010 , from 32 in early 1990s .
In Indonesia it jumped to 39 from 29 .
Poverty shift ?
Going forward , key will be ensuring region 's economic expansion is more evenly distributed , ADB said .
29 . Software piracy hits record high of $ 59 billion
" Software industry is being robbed blind , " BSA CEO Robert Holleyman said in a statement .
Emerging markets are most troublesome for software makers , with majority of all software piracy $32 billion worth occurring in those markets .
Asia-Pacific region saw piracy rates jump one point to 60 percent in 2010 .
We had a 3/4 week 3/4 week of it
" Irony is people everywhere value intellectual property rights .
" We need governments step up efforts on this issue by supporting public education efforts , enacting and enforcing intellectual property laws , and leading by example . "
Two unidentified Vietnamese men placed winning bid for Buford , state Wyoming , on Thursday .
Mr Sammons , 60 , has lived in the town since 1980 .
It comes with own zip code and US postal boxes .
It also has a mobile-phone tower and about 10 acres ( four hectares ) of land , much of is fenced , auction house said .
EVBCorpus
Ten Tips On " How Not To Take Things To Heart "
They can be particularly sensitive and take things to heart .
Know why you are hurting and respond accordingly .
For example , if your mother has looked at you in a certain way since childhood and she 's looked at you in the same way today - do you react because of the way she looked today or the way she looked at you as a child ?
Laugh and make light of it
If you can keep light about a potential put-down then the put-down has no power .
Tell someone else what has happened and tell it in a way that makes it funny .
Delay your response
Would you just stand there and let it hurt you or would you duck ?
Pause before you respond .
I 'll often say to myself , " Well that was an unskilled way of saying things , I wonder what she meant ? "
This helps me keep calm and non-reactive .
Work out what is specifically about you and what is a general complaint that you happen to get because you were in the same place as the other person ?
If you can catch your stomach tightening , your neck tightening or your hands grasping , early on , you have chance of letting go and not hooking into the other person 's comments or emotions .
Keep breathing
You 're more likely to take something personally if you are n't breathing !
If your breathing speeds up and becomes shallow it could be a sign that you are getting hooked in .
Do n't criticise something that 's not intended as criticism
Someone , for example , may have crossed his arms to stop his shoulders aching not because he did n't like what you said !
In fact they may be talking about their latest exploits with their new boyfriends .
EVBCorpus
Gorillas have been found , for the first time , to be a source of HIV .
A researcher told the BBC that , though it was a new type of HIV , current drugs might still help combat its effects .
SIV viruses have been reported in other primates , including gorillas .
Further analysis of the HIV strain she was infected with showed it was more closely related to SIV from gorillas than HIV from humans .
Analysis of the virus in the laboratory has confirmed that it can replicate in human cells .
The fact the patient had been diagnosed in France showed how human mobility can rapidly transfer a virus from one area of the world to another , he said .
Speaking to the BBC 's World Today programme , Dr Robertson said there was no reason to believe that existing drugs would not work on the new virus .
He said the latest finding was interesting but perhaps not surprising .
" So the virus could be cryptically spreading in the population . "
EVBCorpus
US car giant Ford has announced $ 1.3bn ( £800 m ) investment in its plant in Mexican town of Hermosillo , creating 1,000 jobs .
Mexican President Felipe Calderon hailed the investment which , he said , would help boost car production in country .
A number of major foreign carmakers run plants in Mexico , including Volkswagen and Toyota .
60 day consultations focus on US compliance with the July 11 , 2011 conclusion of previous lawsuit , its moves in amending laws on calculating dumping margins and US 's implementation procedures relating to anti-dumping on goods shipped from Vietnam .
In first Vietnam-US lawsuit , WTO concluded that US use of zeroing to calculate common tax rates on Vietnamese frozen shrimp was inconsistent with WTO regulations .
rare glimpse into tobacco-giant 's finances revealed a net income of 117.7 billion yuan in 2010 on sales of 770.4 billion yuan .
The state-owned tobacco company also passed total profit of world 's three biggest listed tobacco companies Philip Morris International Inc. , British American Tobacco Plc and Altria Group in 2010 .
report says , as history shows , smoking is perceived as a sign of masculinity for Chinese men .
February 2011 , State Administration of Radio , Television issued notification prohibiting to show tobacco brands or indirect tobacco advertisement on Television .
41 . Chancellor George Osborne has denied that key facts about the 2012 Budget leaked .
Mr Osborne said he was angry that tax changes were widely known before official Budget statement was given in Parliament .
Mr Osborne , who had been critical in past when advance news of Labour government 's Budgets appeared , said he was first chancellor to have to deal with two factors of coalition government and constraints imposed by Office for Budget Responsibility .
Sir Nicholas said process then was much more secretive and people would have been appalled by what happens now .
Speaking to economists in Virginia , he said job market remained weak despite three months of strong hiring .
Earlier , European markets had also closed higher .
The number of people working and total hours worked are still significantly below pre-crisis peaks . "
Robert Dye , chief economist at Comerica Bank in Dallas , said central bank may take further steps to boost economy , such as launch another round of asset purchasing .
It comes after Prime Minister Stephen Harper , Yoshihiko Noda , in Tokyo for talks .
Canada primarily imports Japanese cars , and other industrial products .
44 . Apple could up China investment as Tim Cook visits
This is Mr Cook 's first trip to China since becoming CEO in August after death of Steve Jobs .
45 . Prudential may move headquarters out of the UK
Prudential makes 45 % of sales in Asia .
Europe 's Solvency II rules are due to come into force in 2014 , and could mean that European insurers have to to hold extra cash reserves against subsidiaries in countries with less strict rules on reserves .
It said there was uncertainty over implementation Solvency II and the implications for group 's businesses .
firm made profit of $ 7.6bn ( £4.85bn ) over year , up 62 % from 2010 .
Cost-cutting
In the UK , firm has about 4,500 staff , making Vauxhall Astra van , estate and hatchback models .
" A lack of guidance leaves GM shares shrouded in the thick fog of macro-uncertainty , " said Adam Jonas of Morgan Stanley .
It reported post-tax profits of 61.98bn Taiwan dollars ( $ 2.1bn ; £1.33bn ) for 2011 , up 57 % on previous year
It expects sales to fall in first quarter to fall by 36 % between NT$ 65bn and NT$ 70bn , down from NT$ 101.42bn in previous three months .
48 . Vietnam , US increase trade ties
agreement was reached during a working session in Washington DC on February 9 ( local time ) between US Secretary Commerce John Bryson and Vietnamese Deputy Prime Minister Vu Van Ninh , who is currently on visit to the US .
He recalled trade disputes between Vietnam and the US , especially regarding Vietnamese seafood and industrial product imports to the US , and asked the US to come up with fair and objective approaches to deal with and avoid such disputes .
He also proposed Bryson support and early recognise Vietnam 's full market economy status , grant Vietnam Generalised System Preferences ( GSP ) .
Meanwhile , Ninh confirmed that Vietnam respects US investors , as well as bilateral and multilateral trade agreements has signed .
Nail-Biting
Nail-biting ( onychophagia ) is a common stress-relieving habit .
Nail-biting is the most common of the typical " nervous habits " , which include thumb-sucking , nose-picking , hair-twisting or -pulling , tooth-grinding , and picking at skin .
You might be involved in another activity , such as reading , watching television , or talking on the phone , and bite your nails without thinking about it .
About 50 % of children between the ages of 10 and 18 bite their nails at one time or another .
Nail-biting occurs most often as teens are going through puberty changes .
Only a small number of other adults bite their nails .
Boys bite their nails more often than girls after age 10 .
Some focus on behavior changes and some focus on physical barriers to nail-biting .
Taking care of your nails can help reduce your nail-biting habit and encourage you to keep your nails attractive .
Try stress-management techniques if you bite your nails because you are anxious or stressed .
If you keep a record of nail-biting , you will become more aware of the times when you bite your nails and be able to stop the habit .
Wear gloves , adhesive bandages , or colored stickers whenever possible to remind you not to bite your nails .
Children are more likely to stop biting their nails when they understand what may trigger it .
What problems can develop from nail-biting ?
Long-term nail-biting can also interfere with normal nail growth and cause deformed nails .
Contact Lenses Boost Kids ' Self-Image
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
" Research shows spectacles to be associated with poorer self-perception in adults if they were first worn during childhood .
Academic confidence was higher for contact lens wearers who initially disliked wearing glasses .
" Anecdotally , children may participate in recreational activities without vision correction rather than risk breaking their glasses .
EVBCorpus
Snoring : a sign of trouble in preschoolers ?
Among 43 preschoolers who snored at least once or twice a week , according to their parents , and 46 preschoolers who did not snore , Aronen 's team found a higher rate of mood problems , especially symptoms of anxiety and depression , among the snorers .
" Surprisingly and against our expectations , behavioral types of problems , such as aggressive and hyperactive behavior , were no more frequent among preschool-aged children who snored in this study , " Aronen added .
Knowing the mental health and developmental impact of sleep-disordered breathing in preschool-aged children will help pediatricians and other health care professionals recognize the underlying sleep problem , Aronen and colleagues believe .
The Dangers of Counterfeit Drugs
Medicines that are not what they seem are a widespread problem in developing countries .
But counterfeit drugs may contain too much , too little or none of the active ingredients of the real thing .
And more than twenty children in Bangladesh died last year after being given acetaminophen .
But the medicine in Bangladesh was produced by a local drug manufacturer that used a dangerous substitute to save money .
The WHO estimates that up to thirty percent of the medicines on sale in many of those countries are counterfeit .
But the agency also says as much as fifty percent of the medicine sold on the Internet is counterfeit .
The Center for Medicine in the Public Interest is a group in New York supported in part by the drug industry .
How are they different from counterfeits ?
Substandard drugs are just poorly made .
Several companies are developing ways to make counterfeits easier to identify .
Some drug makers and other companies put three-dimensional images called holograms on their products as a security device .
Last July , the Food and Drug Administration advised manufacturers to add what are called physical chemical identifiers to their medicines .
It is also a place where counterfeiters can find all the materials they need to make them .
Anybody can sell drugs .
BRYAN LIANG : " The best approach is to know your drug .
A person that knows their drugs and the effects of their drugs are in fact the best security against fakes . "
9 . Hoan Kiem Lake
Legend
All of a sudden , two words printed on the sword " Thuan Thien " ( harmonious with heaven ) .
At beginning of 1428 , when peace prevailed , on one of his trip to Thuy Quan ( now Hoan Kiem ) lake , there was tortoise rising above water and shouting :
Hoan Kiếm lake
Water color of Hoan Kiem lake is not commonly found in other lakes elsewhere in country : greenish , dark or light shade depending on sky reflected .
If you are lucky , you will catch sight of these giant animals rising out of water .
It looks as if whole city was up and running for morning exercise .
Blending in is a gang of " cyclo " famous three-wheeled carriers that take tourists with cameras handy .
How to get there
From Noi Bai Airport , it takes 40 minutes get there .
Near Hoan Kiem lake , hotels our plentiful . Our suggestions :
Hanoi Hilton Opera rooms start at 169 $ per night
While Hong Kong has long been go-to destination for top-notch Chinese food , it is now becoming stoping ground for foreign celebrity chefs , with Mario Batali and Paco Roncero joining several culinary wunderkinds who have set up outposts in Chinese territory .
Batali 's latest project , Lupa , opens doors on 12 April in the heart of Hong Kong Central district . Alongside his business partner , restaurateur and Master Chef judge Joe Bastianich , Batali is teaming up with local restaurant group " Dining Concepts " to launch a restaurant serve signature New York style Italian dishes with a twist , like ricotta gnocchi with sweet fennel sausage , crispy duck with salsify and saba , and Apician spiced dates with mascarpone .
11 . Best Reasons to Visit Italy Architectural Tourism
Read on to check out a few of these interesting works , help you plan your trip to this land .
blood shedding events have stopped long ago but this magnificent building has acquired special mention in history Roman engineering .
Tower of Pisa , situated in Pisa , is considered one of oldest structures of the place .
tower has different galleries and is open for public view .
Frescoes on Sistine 's ceiling and painting of The Last Judgment inside are astounding pieces of art by Michelangelo . mirrors inside chapel enable visitors to get view of different artworks and help to bask in beauty of place .
It is a hot spot tourists attracts a lot of visitors both during the day and the evening alike .
This natural water channel divides Venice into two regions .
Capri Island , in Mediterranean ; Duomo , in Florence ; villas palazzi of Vicenza and different structures of Milan are worth mentioning in Italy .
12 . Africa Geography Facts
Lowest point - Lake Assal in Djibouti which lies at 515 feet ( 155 m ) below sea level .
It runs from Uganda all the way to Egypt for 4,132 miles ( 6650 km ) .
It is main source of Nile River .
Victoria Falls are just over 1 mile wide ( 1.7 km ) and 355 feet ( 108 m ) high .
( Population statistics are politically why these numbers vary so much ) .
Most populated city - Cairo in Egypt is Africa most populated city with estimated 17 million residents living in metropolitan area .
Number of Languages Spoken in Africa - There are over 2000 languages spoken in Africa .
In 2007 , Egypt attracted around 10 million visitors .
EVBCorpus
Beware of can drinks !
A woman went boating on Sunday taking with her some cans of coke which she put into the refrigerator of the boat .
This was traced to the can of coke she drank from , not using a glass .
Rat urine contains toxic and deathly substances .
The cans are typically stocked in warehouses and transported straight to the shops without being cleaned .
What is leptospirosis ?
Symptoms of leptospirosis include high fever , severe headache , chills , muscle aches , and vomiting , and may include jaundice ( yellow skin and eyes ) , red eyes , abdominal pain , diarrhea , or a rash .
Leptospirosis is confirmed by laboratory testing of a blood or urine sample .
Leptospira organisms have been found in cattle , pigs , horses , dogs , rodents , and wild animals .
How long is it between the time of exposure and when people become sick ?
The time between a person 's exposure to a contaminated source and becoming sick is 2 days to 4 weeks .
If a second phase occurs , it is more severe ; the person may have kidney or liver failure or meningitis .
This phase is also called Weil 's disease .
Leptospirosis occurs worldwide but is most common in temperate or tropical climates .
How is leptospirosis treated ?
Can leptospirosis be prevented ?
EVBCorpus
Exercise equipment injures more than 25,000 children each year according to one safety organization .
Case in point : falls from windows .
Placing furniture close to windows is a commonly overlooked safety hazard ; it allows children to easily climb up and out of the opening .
Window treatment cords are another common , hidden pitfall .
They can cause electrical burns , strangulation , and serious head trauma from appliances being pulled down by little hands or feet .
With respect to home gyms , more than 25,000 children each year are injured from exercise equipment , including stationary bicycles , treadmills and stair climbers , according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission .
Since it 's usually impractical to unplug a piece of exercise equipment after every use , parental supervision is the primary means of avoiding accidents .
Furniture tip-overs are another major unsuspected hazard .
Inexpensive wall mounting kits , available at hardware and baby stores , can secure up to 400 pounds of weight .
A simple method to stay aware is to sign up for recall alerts via email from the Consumer Product Safety Commission .
Most critical is for parents to be aware of their particular child 's abilities and level of curiosity .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
An Imperial College London recreation of the nose 's environment found that at 32 degrees Celsius , avian flu viruses lose function and cannot spread .
Published in the journal PLoS Pathogens , the study also found that human viruses are affected by the colder temperatures found in the nose but to nowhere near the same extent .
This virus - an example of how a new strain could develop and start a pandemic - was also unsuccessful at 32 degrees .
She added further research could point to warning signs in viruses that are beginning to make the kinds of genetic changes for them to jump into humans .
Professor Ian Jones , an expert in virology at the University of Reading , said : " This work confirms the fact that temperature differences in the avian and human sites of influenza infection are key to virus establishment . "
Good dancing may be sign of male health , scientists say
Scientists say they 've carried out the first rigorous analysis of dance moves that make men attractive to women .
" When you go out to clubs people have an intuitive understanding of what makes a good and bad dancer , " said co-author Dr Nick Neave , an evolutionary psychologist at Northumbria University , UK .
These movements were then converted into a computer-generated cartoon - an avatar - which women rated on a scale of one to seven .
" But in fact this was not the case , " he said .
Movements that went down terribly were twitchy and repetitive - so called " Dad dancing " .
" People go to night clubs to show off and attract the opposite sex so I think it 's a valid way of doing this ," Dr Neave explained .
Early indications from biochemical tests suggest that the men who were better dancers were also more healthy .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Dell is looking to become a larger player in the highly competitive cloud-computing field , where such stalwarts as HP , Microsoft and Amazon already have strong footholds .
In addition , Dell officials plan to open 12 Global Solutions Centers this year , plus another 10 over the next 18 months , where customers will be able to learn about Dell offerings and work with Dell experts to figure out which technologies work best within their budgets .
Eventually , Dell will offer vStart packages that provide virtual-machine capabilities below 100 and above 200 , according to Steve Schuckenbrock , president of Dell Services .
Praveen Asthana , vice president of Dell 's Enterprise Solutions and Strategy unit , said during a press conference April 6 .
However , it 's moving into a highly competitive field .
Dell is committed to bringing in the appropriate staffing , and he said that while Dell 's ambitions are large , the company has experience in cloud computing .
Dell 's new data centers will " largely be modular and oriented toward hosting cloud capabilities , whether it 's desktop as a service or private and public cloud capabilities , " Schuckenbrock said .
They 'll be offering management solutions based on Dell 's Virtual Integrated System and Advanced Infrastructure Manager , and Microsoft 's System Center .
The OEM also is expanding its desktop-virtualization capabilities , offering a portfolio that includes pre-packaged services , and configured and tested hardware and software for fast deployment .
EVBCorpus
Researchers say just nine of 137 developing countries will achieve ambitious targets to improve the health of women and children .
The targets were set by world leaders in 2000 .
The researchers from Seattle estimate there were 7.2m infant deaths around the world in the past year - compared with 11.6m in 1990 .
Intervention strategies
The lowest is in Iceland and Austria .
" Nevertheless , some intervention strategies can be delivered without a health system that has the capacity for referral and emergency management .
" Even with major accelerated efforts , most countries are unlikely to achieve both targets .
A year ago , governments around the world pledged £25bn to reinvigorate efforts on both targets .
In an accompanying comment , global health experts Peter Byass and Wendy Graham said : " Numerical assessments against the MDGs are inevitably processes that are plagued by poor and missing data .
IBM Unveils Framework for Smart Grid Technologies
IBM Unveils Framework for Smart Grid Technologies
Now IBM wants to be the pathway that others can use to get into the market .
The announcement came the same day that representatives with both IBM and Cisco stood with officials from Pacific Gas and Electric and the city of San Jose , Calif. , in announcing an initiative to integrate PGE smart meters with the city 's solar energy infrastructure .
" We 're in a position to help our utility clients transform their networks more efficiently , " Bartels said in a statement .
IBM listed a number of partners - including ESRI , SISCO , Retriever Communications and Trilliant - that already are on validated on the SAFE platform .
Cisco announced in May a plan to bring their networking expertise to the smart grid space .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Louisiana Museum of Modern Art
Louisiana , Denmark 's museum of modern art , is housed in a 19th-century villa perched on a cliff on the north New Zealand coast and overlooks the sparkling Oresund straits between Denmark and Sweden .
At the centre , a large , reclining figure by Henry Moore serenely soaks up the beautiful sunlight .
In addition , the Louisiana hosts the most prestigious classical chamber music concerts in Scandinavia , and the extensive museum shop is irresistible .
The legendary play was set in Kronborg , the huge baroque castle that dominates the town .
Polonius , for example , is murdered by Hamlet as he hides behind an arras ( wall hanging ) .
Eat at Gamle Humlebaek Kro , which overlooks the sea .
It is now the regional centre of the Danish antique trade , with both extremely pricey showrooms and scruffier places to browse .
Mankind builds marvelous and imagination-defying cities and structures , then erases them again as the centuries , along with the fickle loyalty of scholars , priests , kings , and common people render them either obsolete or irrelevant .
The ruins of My Son in Vietnam , not far from Da Nang and Hoi An , fall into this category .
My Son was the Vietnamese equivalent of places like Cambodia 's Angkor Wat and Egypt 's Valley of the Kings .
History of My Son
For many centuries , his request seemed to work ; for generations after Bhadravarman 's death , the My Son site was the hub of spiritual activity for the Champa people .
The disappearance of the Champa also meant the gradual dissolution of the My Son site , which the jungle slowly started to reclaim .
The French scholars and archaeologists were able to identify a total of seventy-one temples , with various groupings of temples belonging to different eras of development of the Cham kingdom .
In fact , local people are still wary of the area surrounding the My Son ruins because of the still unexploded bombs and land mines .
# 8 - Traveling the country , delicacies always near
Mankind builds marvelous and imagination-defying cities and structures , then erases them again as the centuries , along with the fickle loyalty of scholars , priests , kings , and common people render them either obsolete or irrelevant .
The gift set the perfect mood for our culinary adventure .
My first morning in Vietnam , I awoke to a beautiful breakfast buffet at the Rex Hotel in Ho Chi Minh City .
The breakfast consisted of a dizzying array of traditional Vietnamese dishes .
By afternoon we had finished touring the Cu Chi tunnels , an underground maze used by the guerrillas during the war , and we were ready for lunch .
Our taxi driver dropped us off at the end of a dirt road just outside the city , and we walked to a pagoda-like restaurant on high stilts .
The flavors were intense with garlic and pepper .
Pho is a traditional noodle soup consisting of pork , rice noodles , cilantro and onions .
Next up was the Imperial city of Hue , once Vietnam 's capital , and it was here on the central coast that Vung spent her early years .
We all sat cross-legged in a circle atop a straw mat on the floor .
We awoke early and set off on motorbikes for our day 's journey .
As bits of rare meat floated in the broth , I could n't help but wonder :
After a day of shopping for gifts and art , we browsed the fresh market and watched locals drink with straws straight from coconuts .
Vung smiled and said , " This is Westernized Vietnamese food . "
As my eggrolls were dropped in hot oil , I glanced outside at the stunning bay and the locals who stared at us from their wooden houseboats as we floated by .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
CPU options include several Core 2 Duo components up to 2.8GHz , along with the quad-core Core 2 Extreme running at 2.53GHz .
The notebooks also offer 802.11n and Bluetooth connectivity , FireWire ports and HDMI outputs .
Ripple Look mini PC with dual-core Atom unveiled
Four USB ports round out the known specs .
Lower-end models with a single core Atom , 160GB hard drive and 1GB of RAM are also available .
Dell Plans to Move Deeper into Data Center
However , while they say the move away from reliance on PCs is key , it is unclear how easy such a move will be , given that PCs still account for about half of Dell 's revenues .
Both Dell and Chief Financial Officer Brian Gladden said continuing to rely so heavily on low-margin PCs in the revenue mix would be difficult .
They said the company would move away from point products and instead would work to offer enterprises solutions that can encapsulate everything from data center hardware to software to services .
During a question-and-answer session , Dell declined to speculate about what companies might be targets of his interest , saying only that such deals take time , and need an interested seller as well as a buyer .
Dell 's aggressive push deeper into the data center with a solutions-based approach will put it in tighter competition with the likes of Cisco Systems , Hewlett-Packard , IBM and-after its expected purchase of Sun Microsystems-Oracle .
There is n't a demand for those types of offerings among enterprises , he said .
During the QA sessions , analysts said they essentially understood where the company was aiming , but were unclear on how the company would achieve its goals .
Once server virtualization starts gaining momentum , there will be a threat to hardware sales , but that is offset by the other virtualization-based areas that Dell can take advantage of .
Dell said he expected that storage and servers would be refreshed first , followed by PCs .
Google plans Chrome-based Web operating system
In other words , Google 's cloud-computing ambitions just got a lot bigger .
Another : it opens new competition with Microsoft and , potentially , a new reason for antitrust regulators to pay close attention to Google 's moves .
Google is making sure its standard antitrust rebuttal , that " competition is one click away , " remains intact with Chrome OS , though .
Offering a full-on PC operating system could intensify the Federal Trade Commission 's " discussions " about Schmidt 's dual Apple and Google responsibilities .
Google Docs competes with Microsoft Office .
" Rethinking " the operating system
It 's our attempt to rethink what operating systems should be . "
It will run on members of the x86 and ARM processor families , Google said .
Hints of the direction have been abundant , but it was n't clear Google would go as far as creating a product branded as a full-on operating system .
Next came Chrome itself in September 2008 .
Next came Native Client and O3D , plug-ins that let browsers tap directly into the power of local processors and , if all goes according to plan , match the performance of PC-based applications .
Google Docs offers a Web-based word processor , presentation , and spreadsheet , and Google Apps bundles that along with Gmail and Google Calendar .
It also permits more natural collaboration , since multiple authors can work on the same document simultaneously rather than e-mailing variations or sharing them on a central server .
The Net is a different place than when the Sun 's JavaOS and network computers flopped in the marketplace , and Google is powerfully profitable .
EVBCorpus
The content-filtering software the Chinese government wants installed on all PCs sold in that country beginning next week was poorly developed and puts users at risk of having their computers compromised , a security expert who examined the code said on Thursday .
An example is the use of Strcpy , or string copy , a library function in the C programming language that copies memory from one buffer to another , according to Feinstein .
" This software appears to be of low quality and to have not been developed with a secure methodology , " Feinstein said .
In addition , having the software on all PCs in China , as mandated , would create a huge install base and be an attractive target for attackers who could attack millions of computers by targeting just this one program , Feinstein said .
Installing filtering software on the end-user computers will make it easier to block content than doing it in the network , according to Feinstein .
The software was later updated and patched , according to an update to the report issued a week ago , however the researchers said they had discovered an additional security hole that remained unfixed .
EVBCorpus
In a story headlined " Fear grips Google , " the New York Post reports that the launch of Microsoft 's Bing search engine has so upset Google co-founder Sergey Brin that he has top engineers working on " urgent upgrades " to Google 's service .
A Google spokesperson declined to comment on the level of Brin 's involvement but did tell the newspaper that the company always has a team working on improving search .
Bing 's launch bumped Microsoft 's search share up to 11.1 percent last week from 9.1 percent the prior week , according to numbers released by market analyst ComScore .
Google Chief Financial Officer Patrick Pichette said Tuesday that the company planned to hold " a review tomorrow on it with the executive committee . "
EVBCorpus
According to Microsoft , attackers are using malicious QuickTime videos to exploit the bug .
A feature of the Windows operating system , DirectX is used for streaming media to enable graphics and sound when playing games or watching video .
" While our investigation is on_going , our investigation so far has shown that Windows2000 Service Pack 4 , Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 are vulnerable ; all versions of Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 are not vulnerable , " Microsoft said in the advisory .
Users can also modify the ACL ( access control list ) on quartz.dll .
EVBCorpus
The center will focus on projects ranging from games to medical imaging to how graphics can help accelerate financial transactions .
Intel plans to invest the money during the next five years to help build the Intel Visual Computing Institute , which will be located at Saarland University in Saarbrucken , Germany .
This type of chip technology can also be used to create supercomputers and massive HPC ( high-performance computing ) systems that use multicore technology to solve problems in parallel instead of using older methods to simply crank up the clock speed of single-core processors .
If this approach to computing seems familiar , it 's because Intel and its two main rivals in this area-Nvidia and Advanced Micro Devices - have been pushing this technology as an alternative to classic chip technology .
In addition , Nvidia has developed a programming language called CUDA , which works as a parallel computing engine for Nvidia 's GPUs .
Intel is hoping to employ dozens of workers at the new facility by the end of 2009 , including its own researchers , as well as individuals from Saarland University , Max Planck Institute for Informatics , Max Planck Institute for Software Systems and the German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence .
Apple 's push into chips could unnerve suppliers
Apple 's semiconductor strategy has been apparent for at least a year , analysts say , pointing to its acquisition of microchip company PA Semi and its hiring of experts from chip companies like Advanced Micro Devices Inc .
Analysts say Apple is working on developing an application processor for the iPhone , which is currently supplied by Samsung .
Samsung and Apple declined to comment .
Although it would not be a huge monetary loss for Samsung - analysts estimate its iPhone chip generates revenue in the low hundreds of millions of dollars - it would remove the South Korean company from a mobile platform that is expected to see huge growth in the coming years .
Wu believes Apple has been working on an application processor for the iPhone for around a year .
NEW ARENA :
The company rose to prominence on the strength of its Mac personal computers .
Mark Papermaster , who left International Business Machines Corp last year to join Apple as senior vice president of devices hardware engineering , has a strong background in chips .
" Apple is n't the mega company that can do everything very well ," he said , but added that Apple is profitable and well-positioned .
EVBCorpus
Google introduces a number of new features such as Similar Images , a graphical Google Timeline News and some tweaks to the Google Website Labs .
When a query is typed in a search bar , Google feeds the user a variety of images associated with the term .
" Using visual similarity , you don't have to refine the text of your search ; instead , you can just click on the link of an image you like , " said the Google corporate blog post .
The company said it intends to have more features engineers commenting on the site about Google products .
On March 30 , the Google announced that Gmail Labs would be available in 49 languages .
However , Google 's attempts to deepen its offerings are not always greeted with fanfare .
EVBCorpus
ElanTech is intent on taking Apple to court over touch-sensing technology used in the iPhone and its notebook trackpads , potentially affecting a large percentage of Apple 's most successful products .
To supports its case , the company said it won a similar lawsuit against capacitive touchpad supplier Synaptics related to multi-touch sensing technology in US Patent 5,825,352 .
If such an injunction were granted , it would effectively kill the majority of Apple 's business .
EVBCorpus
Microsoft Sets Developer Strategy for Windows Mobile Apps
In a March 11 announcement , Microsoft laid out new details about how developers can build and sell applications for Windows phones through Windows Marketplace for Mobile , the company 's recently announced application marketplace available with the Windows Mobile 6.5 operating system .
Up to five application submissions to Windows Marketplace for Mobile are included in the introductory annual registration fee of $ 99 , and each additional submission within the annual period will cost $ 99 .
Developers can get the tools to begin developing for Windows phones at http://developer.windowsmobile.com .
" With the new Windows Marketplace for Mobile and our great development tools , Windows phones represent an incredible opportunity for developers everywhere . "
Too much TV linked to higher asthma risk
Too much TV linked to higher asthma risk
Symptoms include wheezing , shortness of breath , coughing and chest tightness .
The parents were questioned annually on wheezing symptoms among their children and whether a doctor had diagnosed asthma as they grew up .
But children who watched television for more than two hours daily were almost twice as likely to have been diagnosed with the condition as those who watched less .
In some countries as many as 30 percent of children develop the inflammatory disease , according to the World Health Association .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
SpringSource announces the release of SpringSource Tool Suite 2.0 , a comprehensive environment for building Spring-powered Java applications .
Christian Dupuis , a senior software engineer at SpringSource , said , " Developers rely on STS as an Eclipse-based platform that speeds development , dictates best practices and assists with solving run-time problems while creating applications . "
" SpringSource Tool Suite provides high-productivity tools for building Spring applications that run on application server platforms from SpringSource , IBM , Oracle and JBoss .
STS 2.0 provides an OSGi console , graphical bundle overview page , visual dependency graph , and the ability to test dependencies and specify bundle deployment order . "
The company said in its release :
EVBCorpus
The company also updated its iMac and Mac mini desktop lines with a 24-inch iMac and a Mac mini with Nvidia GeForce 9400M integrated graphics .
It also features 3GB of 1066 NHz DDR3 ECC SDRAM memory , expandable to 8GB .
The 24-inch iMac can include up to a 3.06 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor , along with 4GB of 1066 MHz DDR3 memory and a 640 GB or 1TB Serial ATA hard drive .
Also offered from Apple is a 2.0 GHz Mac mini with a suggested retail price of $ 799 , based on an Intel Core 2 Duo processor .
Tim Cook , chief operating officer of Apple , said in a statement .
" They still need a $ 999 system , and I 'm disappointed they do n't have one .
" They talked a lot more about Mac mini than they have in a long time , and that 's encouraging because of the mini 's price point , " Baker added .
EVBCorpus
What Is the History of the Accounting Profession ?
Today , accounting is a career .
Double-entry accounting was first documented by a company named Giovanni Farolfi Co about 1300 .
Luca Pacioli , the father of accounting , wrote the first book on double-entry accounting in 1494 .
Accounting changed little during the next several centuries .
Alexander Hamilton , the first Treasury Secretary , established the U.S. Treasury Department and the federal accounting system .
Although there was not a national income tax yet , the government collected revenue from trade and export taxes .
The U.S. Civil War broke out in the year 1861 , and a new national income tax was introduced .
In 1868 , the modern balance sheet was created , in the form that we use today .
The accounting profession exploded around 1900 with hundreds of accounting firms springing up across the United States .
The return on investment , return on equity and flexible budgeting calculations were created and adopted .
Financial accounting regulation was introduced between 1936-8 with the formation of the Committee on Accounting ( CAP ) .
GAAP to IFRS
It did however issue several pronouncements .
In 2009 , there is a trend to move from GAAP to the International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ) .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Personal Assessment Checklist ( before starting a new ( online ) business )
Entrepreneurs tend to share many of the following traits :
What 's driving you to do so ?
Self-motivation .
This is always important , but particularly so on the Internet where things change all the time .
Willingness to sacrifice the time and effort .
You need to feel confident that you can provide a valuable product or service to your customers - and be able to demonstrate this confidence !
If you appear to be unsure of yourself , your prospective customers will also feel unsure of dealing with you .
After researching your options , you need to be able to make good decisions without second-guessing yourself constantly or changing your mind .
It 's better to have ONE profitable business , rather than a whole bunch of unsuccessful ones .
Can you effectively manage your time and resources while ensuring your products and customer service do n't suffer ?
Not every attempt will result in success .
Factor in the amount of money , time , and effort you 're willing to invest into a business - remember , businesses will differ in the amount required .
Relationships .
Why do you want an online business ?
Out of the huge number of possibilities , select one that works well with your skills and your interests .
You want to focus on what you 're good at .
There may be certain types of businesses that can cause friction within your family - and your family 's support can be a real blessing when you 're trying to start a business .
China ' set to tighten monetary policy '
Annualised consumer price inflation hit a 25-month high in October , at 4.4 % .
" Price adjustments "
" Going forward we could be using more price adjustments via interest rates , " he said .
The bank funding squeeze that came into effect on Monday has meant that less cash may now find its way into the stock market .
It added : " A senior official at China 's central bank last week warned that inflationary pressures were building because of flows of capital into the country and expectations of a revaluation of the yuan . "
European Debt Crisis Reverberates
The European debt crisis continued Thursday , with Spain paying more to finance its government and the continent 's central bank acting to nearly double its reserves .
Meanwhile , the European Central Bank said that for the first time in 12 years it would require its members - national banks - to add $ 6.7 billion to boost the central bank 's reserves to $ 14.3 billion .
Some fear that Portugal and Spain might be the next countries to need help .
But she has been adamant in opposing an increase in the size of the $ 1 trillion bailout fund or creating pan-European bonds that would replace sovereign state bonds .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu says China supports international plans to help European countries weather the financial crisis .
Jiang on Thursday would not confirm the details of the report , because she said that decision does not rest with the Foreign Ministry .
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao publicly offered to buy Greek bonds during a visit to Athens in October .
It already holds substantial foreign exchange reserves in euros , and is the largest foreign holder of U.S. debt .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The lower jobless rate was because more people found jobs , but also because some had given up on their searches .
The unemployment rate is now at its lowest since May 2009 .
" The headline miss ( on jobs created ) is pretty bad , but the drop in the unemployment rate is the one reason why the dollar has not collapsed completely , " said Brian Dolan , chief strategist from Forex.com .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
He said his government would raise the issue at the World Trade Organization and the G20 group of rich and developing countries .
" The exchange rate is one of the main drivers of economic policy , more so even than productivity , " he said .
In September last year he accused some rich countries of deliberately devaluing their currencies to boost exports and make their economies more competitive .
Its value has been going up steadily as Brazil 's economy has grown , making Brazilian exports less competitive .
EVBCorpus
Meanwhile , Guangdong added to the fears after China 's biggest provincial economy increased its minimum wage by 18 to 26 per cent , the second big increase in less than a year .
For the whole year , consumer prices rose 3.3 percent , above Beijing 's target of 3 percent .
A combination of rising inflation , concerns about social instability and labour shortages in key industrial areas have sparked a series of minimum wage increases across China .
Geoffrey Crothall of the China Labour Bulletin , a Hong Kong-based advocacy group , said the wage hike might not be enough to ease the labour shortages in the province , which accounts for a large percentage of the world 's production of everything from mobile phones to sneakers .
" We have full confidence that we will control the price level in 2011 , " said Mr Ma , adding that China 's seven consecutive years of good harvests meant food prices would be kept under control .
The government 's attempts to manage liquidity have been further complicated by non-bank lending in the economy , which regulatory authorities have great difficulty quantifying .
Official : US Sees Progress on Chinese Yuan , But Not Yet Satisfied
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Lael Brainard , Treasury Undersecretary for International Affairs says that while the Chinese currency , or the yuan , has risen 3.7 percent since June of last year , currency reform still needs to be a critical part of China 's economic reforms going forward .
Economists estimate China 's currency is undervalued by up to 40 percent .
On Thursday , a bipartisan group of U.S. lawmakers launched a new attempt to pass legislation on China 's currency that cleared the House of Representatives last year but later died in the Senate .
" We still believe that the Chinese currency is substantially undervalued and we are going to continue using the mechanisms we have to pursue that goal , " she said .
When President Hu Jintao was in Washington last month , he made a similar pledge .
U.S. exports to China are booming and during Chinese President Hu Jintao 's recent visit , contracts totaling US$ 45 billion were signed .
Economists Warn Higher Oil Prices Will Worsen Asia 's Food Inflation
Global oil prices have spiked in recent days in response to political instability in the Middle East and North Africa .
" Obviously in this uncertainty there will be short-term disruption .
Hasan says oil costs could accelerate the rise in food prices , caused by poor crops insome areas and rising demand in many countries .
Supavud Saicheua , an economist with Thai stock brokering house Phatra Securities .
Then the global economic slump in 2008 led to sharp declines in passenger traffic and more losses for the industry .
Supavud says the oil commodity futures market expects at least six months of uncertainty before the market returns to normal .
In East Asia , many governments are on the watch for inflation and have taken steps such as raising interest rates and curtailing capital inflows to tamp it down
Soaring Food Prices Tied in Part to Oil prices
Food prices are at their highest levels since the FAO began monitoring prices two decades ago .
Higher food prices were among the triggers for protests in Egypt and Tunisia .
The international aid group Oxfam says millions of people around the world are sliding into poverty as they struggle to pay for basic foods .
Until that happens , Abbassian warns food prices will continue to rise .
Abbassian says a major difference between the current situation and the food crisis of 2008 is that the price of rice , a staple for half the world 's population , has risen less than four percent since last year .
EVBCorpus
Chinese statistics released Thursday show that the country registered a trade deficit in February of $ 7.3 billion .
Li Wei , with Standard Chartered Bank , says the February data is " heavily distorted " because of the Lunar New Year holiday .
Li added .
Chen says China 's policies this year will be guided by wanting to stabilize exports , expand imports and decrease the trade surplus .
Countries like the United States have accused China of maintaining an unfair trade advantage by keeping the value of the yuan artificially low , which makes Chinese exports more affordable .
World Markets Plunge as Japan Disaster Widens
Japan is one of the world 's largest economies because it manufactures products used around the world .
When you talk about the globalization of the international economy , it 's about the production of components of imports and exports , " Szechenyi said .
The ripples have had a depressing effect on global stocks , sending oil prices lower and weakening shares in companies with substantial business interests in Japan .
" And if this vicious cycle starts then actually people 's risk appetite wanes furthermore and nobody knows how far the Nikkei should fall , " Kanno states .
Traders in Europe and the United States also dumped stocks on Tuesday , although in some cases the markets recovered some of their losses .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Sony stopped work at five factories , including those making television and cameras , because it cannot get raw materials or electronic components
Japan 's big manufacturers have complex supply chains and disruption at any point can cause the entire system to stop .
The major Tohoku expressway , that runs from Tokyo through northern Japan , is now open to all trucks and the Petroleum Association of Japan says production of gasoline should be at 90 percent of normal levels by the end of this week .
Tokyo Electric Power warned Wednesday that east Japan 's current electricity problems could continue for months .
On Wednesday , Tokyo Electric asked seven banks for $ 25 billion to repair the damaged power plants .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Employers added 192,000 jobs last month , the US Labor Department said , above market expectations .
A Labor Department statement said that most job gains were in manufacturing , construction , business services and transport .
With jobs being created in virtually all sectors , February 's employment report was the most positive we 've seen in a while .
And today 's figures are only part of the story .
The data showed that the jobless rate for adult men was 8.7% , for adult women 8% , and for teenagers 23.9% .
Data for December and January was also revised upwards to show 58,000 more jobs created than previously estimated .
This is the lowest in nearly two years .
US unemployment rate falls to new two-year low of 8.8%
The US unemployment rate fell to a new two-year low in March of 8.8% , from 8.9% in February .
Employers created 216,000 jobs in March , the US Department of Labor said , higher than market expectations .
London , Paris and Frankfurt all closed with gains of more than 1.5% , while the Dow was up 1% by late afternoon .
David Sloan of IFR Economics said : " This ( the jobs report ) suggests the recovery is continuing . "
If employers keep on creating jobs at this pace , as many economists expect , there will be a further 2.5 million new jobs in the US by the end of the year .
That will do little , however , to alleviate widespread concerns that the economic recovery in the US is failing to create enough jobs to make up for the 7.5 million lost during the recession .
Analysts were also worried about the possible impact of rising oil and other commodity and energy prices .
However , others pointed to slow wage growth , which could offset the impact of higher energy and commodity prices .
Earlier this week , the US Department of Commerce unexpectedly cut its estimate of fourth-quarter growth to an annualised rate of 2.8% , from 3.2% previously .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Rhee Changyong , chief economist of the ADB , says economic growth among developing nations in Asia will average 8 percent both this year and next .
Rhee says with developing Asia home to two-thirds of the world 's poor , governments need to make inflation a top priority .
" Still I believe there is room to tighten monetary policy a little bit more because their policy rate ( interest rate ) compared with inflation rate is still at a modest level , " Rhee said .
Some international banks have also shifted staff from Tokyo to other financial centers such as Hong Kong and Singapore because of fears of radiation from the crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant .
The non-profit lender also said the region needs to develop new sources of growth for the future , such as enhancing trade and investment with other economies in the southern hemisphere .
The bank says Southeast Asia 's economic expansion will slow this year to 5.5 percent from 7.8 percent last year .
The bank says the resource-rich Central Asian region has been benefiting from high prices for oil and gas , metals , cotton and gold .
EVBCorpus
The president says he is confident the limit will be increased .
In an interview Friday with The Associated Press , the president urged fast action to raise the debt ceiling from its current legal limit of almost $ 14.3 trillion .
We will do it again .
However , Mr. Obama acknowledged that he will have to compromise with the majority Republicans in the House of Representatives , and agree to reduce government spending .
" We are united in cutting spending .
The House Friday passed Representative Paul Ryan 's fiscal 2012 government budget proposal , which the president sharply criticized this week .
" We both want spending cuts .
In the interview , the president also said U.S. and NATO forces in Libya have prevented a wholesale slaughter , despite a military stalemate on the ground .
We had a week of it and , then the whiskey gave out .
International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) member countries sought to bridge sharp differences over the global economy , acknowledging that rising inflation in emerging markets poses a risk to rich countries too .
" When inflation goes up in emerging markets , it 's not just an emerging market problem , it 's a global inflation and possibly interest rate problem , " said Singapore Finance Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam , who chairs the IMF 's steering committee .
The increased focus on the pitfalls in the policies of wealthy nations is part of a shift at the IMF to be more attentive to increasingly influential emerging powers .
Aware of stiff opposition in some emerging countries to any limits on how they manage the inflows that drive up prices , IMF members said the policies that lead investors to chase higher returns in other emerging economies also need oversight .
The IMF committee said the global economy was strengthening but that policy action was needed given " significant risks . "
EVBCorpus
After a swift recovery from the global financial slowdown , India 's economy has been growing at a rate of about eight percent in the last two years .
Government advisers admit that stubbornly high inflation poses a challenge .
" We are working on the assumption that we will achieve this year 's fiscal deficit target of 4.6 per , and then it will go down to 4.1 .
Food prices , which grew by nearly 18 percent last year , have contributed most to inflation in the past year .
This has raised hopes that agricultural productivity will be on track , and food prices will not rise further .
4 Benefits Of Rising Oil Prices
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Markets are made up of multiple independent agents and what constitutes a challenge for one can be an opportunity for others .
High prices for oil fuel the same sort of process as in any other sector ; suppliers look for ways to provide more of the product and take advantage of those higher prices .
Ultimately boom times in the energy sector filter into the economy .
2 . New Technologies Become Viable
What 's more , it is not clear that higher taxes on fossil fuels in Europe and much of Asia really do anything to mitigate environmental damage beyond reducing consumption .
Along similar lines , the path towards viable mass market all-electric cars is predicated on persistently high oil prices .
Quite a lot of plastics and other synthetic materials are derived from oil and higher prices ripple through the economy .
Research into oil substitutes creates jobs for scientists and engineers .
3 . Changes in Behavior
With high oil prices ( and high gasoline prices ) , people will drive less - staying closer to home for shopping , combining various errands to be more efficient , and so on .
Given time , people will drive less , take better care of their cars ( to increase mileage ) , switch to more fuel efficient car models and/or use more public transportation .
When Nazi Germany faced oil shortages in World War II , methods of producing oil , diesel and gasoline substitutes from vegetable oils , animal fats and coal were thoroughly explored .
Technology exists to supplant oil with natural gas in many applications , but those switchovers only make economic sense in the face of persistently higher oil prices .
On the whole , higher oil prices are not going to have most people in the United States celebrating .
While painful in the short-term , higher prices may ultimately open the door to cleaner , more efficient and ultimately cheaper energy sources that benefit us all for years down the road .
Vinh magic floors Lions
He was starved of possession for the three games in Thailand , he then failed to inspire his side in the first leg of the semi-final against defending champions Singapore in Hanoi last Wednesday .
The first game will be held in Bangkok on Wednesday , with the return clash in Hanoi next Sunday .
" This is a very happy moment in my football career . "
" But I think Vietnam deserved to win .
Singapore coach Radojko Avramovic , who had guided the team to back-to-back titles , was left to rue the missed chances .
Despite the result , Avramovic believes the future remains bright for the Lions .
All we need to do is concentrate more and add the finishing touches to moves .
EVBCorpus
World cup 2010 - Key players
Steven Pienaar
Backed by the home crowd , the " Mighty Peanut " is sure to deliver with his adept left foot and fast pace .
Born into a family of football stars , Diego Forlan 's father and grandfather played for Uruguay and Independiente in Argentina .
William Gallas
Argentina
His power , balance , strength and versatility makes Messi an integral part of Barcelona 's dominance in Spain and Europe over the last few seasons .
John Michael Ncekwube Obinna
South Korea
His speed , skill and never-say-die attitude make him an indispensible and a legendary team captain of the gutsy South Korean side .
John Terry led Chelsea to two Premier League titles in 2004-05 with an excellent defensive record ever in football League history .
United States of America
Scored the only goal by a US player in the 2006 World cup , Clinton Drew Dempsey portrays versatility and style in the midfield .
Slovenia
Slovenia will need Novakovic to be at his sharpest if they are to progress from Group C.
Miroslav Klose
Bayern Munich 's heading machine , he also provides good assists and has an innate instinct to make the most of his chances .
In his 2008-09 season with Manchester United , he had a Premiership-record of 14 consecutive clean sheets .
Serbia
A formidable midfield presence , Michael Kojo Essien is Ghana 's national hero .
Group E
Dirk Kuyt
Denmark
His playmaking skills and determination on the pitch to destroy even the best attacks all reek of his talent .
He was also the first player to win Danish Player of the Year awards consecutively in 2005-06 .
The hopes of Japan in this World cup lie on the shoulders of Shunsuke Nakamura , famous for his trusty left-foot and accurate free-kick taking abilities .
Japan is by far the most successful Asian team having won the Asian Cup thrice , and is looking forward to doing Asian football proud in the World cup .
Gianluigi Buffon
He is the epitome of all goalkeeping ability , skill and positional sense .
Ambitious with a winning attitude , Cruz 's touch often converts into goals and victories .
Captaining the All Whites and as centre-back of Blackburn Rovers , Ryan Nelsen exudes outstanding defensive capabilities .
Group G
Flashy footwork , composure , and an eye for goal are all part of his goal-scoring prowess .
Having a slightly later start in his football career , Didier Drogba has muscled his way into prominence with goalscoring determination .
Portugal
An asset to Real Madrid , the goals he contributed are certainly worth the price .
He has many awards to his name , including Manchester United 's first Ballon d'Or in 40 years and FIFA World Player of the Year in 2008 .
Spain
Moving from Atletico Madrid to Liverpool , he is a star wherever he goes .
This World cup , Spain 's number nine is one to look out for .
Alexander Frei
Switzerland 's captain and all-time top scorer , Alexander Frei currently plays for FC Basel .
A steady player who never fails to assist and contribute last-minute goals .
Chile
Born in South Africa but moving on to Chile later on , Gonzalez looks set to score in the country he was born in .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
A clearly-livid Lewis Hamilton has vowed to " find out " who made the fateful pit-call that cost him a podium finish in Australia .
Afterwards , despite the presence of Matt Bishop , McLaren 's communications director , his fury was clearly close to boiling over .
" I 'm happy with the job I did , " he said pointedly .
" The strategy was wrong .
Pressed to identify the mistakee , McLaren team boss Martin Whitmarsh told the BBC : " To all intents and purposes , it was my call because I am the team boss and I can veto any decision made on the Pitwall .
It is , though , unclear whether there was an actual need to change Hamilton 's tyres and whether or not he would have been able to maintain his pace had he not stopped for a change .
A rat can last longer without water than a camel .
A female ferret will die if it goes into heat and cannot find a mate .
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he does n't wear pants .
The number of possible ways of playing the first four moves per side in a game of chess is 318,979,564,000 .
The very first bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin in World War II killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo .
That 's the opposite of the norm .
The first product Motorola started to develop was a record player for automobiles .
By raising your legs slowly lying on your back , you cannot sink into quicksand .
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying .
The Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from public libraries .
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear .
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds .
An ostrich 's eye is bigger than its brain .
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon .
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors .
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated .
The sentence " The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog " uses every letter of the alphabet .
The words " racecar " , " kayak " and " level " are the same whether they are read left to right or right to left .
Tigers have striped skin , not just striped fur .
Women blink nearly twice as much as men .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
It 's a chance to lose oneself in entertainment and passion for ninety minutes on a weekend ; to fraternise with like-minded fans ; to celebrate your local pride in style .
What happens on the pitch can collide quite dramatically with other aspects of life , not least politics .
Indeed , the World Cup itself is built on a political divide of a sort .
In the event four European teams were coaxed across the ocean .
France made history by scoring the first ever World Cup goal through Lucien Laurent , an amateur forward and factory worker .
Three teams crossed the Atlantic ; Brazil , Argentina and the United States all lost their only matches .
War And Peace
Yet despite the fact the war had been over for five years , its repercussions were still felt .
One , instead , was in tiny Saarland , whose brief but exciting tenure as an international force did not culminate in quali fication .
( Fast-forward 60 years and one imagines that the Scots would feel slightly differently . )
For those hoping that greater global acceptance would bring an end to politicking , though , there was to be disappointment .
In other words , the World Cup was a big deal , and was thus far more likely to attract off-pitch attention .
This gave their opponents , Israel , a bye to the next stage .
Sudan refused to play against Israel for political reasons and thus withdrew from competition altogether .
Thus there was Israel , the conqueror of Asia and Africa , alone as a World Cup entrant without playing a single game .
Wales beat the Israelis and thus qualified for their one and only World Cup .
In 1966 the World Cup came to England for the first time for their only victory ( thus far ) , but did so without facing an African team , all of whom withdrew over FIFA 's refusal to grant the continent an automatic place in the tournament ;
As for 1982 , European alliances came to the fore as West Germany and Austria contrived to play out a 1-0 win for the former in what will forever be known as the " Shame of Gijon " .
Towards The Present
For a change of pace , consider West Germany 's World Cup win in 1990 .
It would be an exaggeration to say that reunification could not have happened without football , but it is not a stretch to say that it would not have been so quick .
Serbs like Dragan Stojkovic lined up next to Croats such as Davor Suker and Bosnian legends including Safet Susic and Zlatko Vujovic .
Indeed , football itself had its role to play in the dissolution : rivalry between future European champions Red Star Belgrade and Dinamo Zagreb months before the tournament brought ethnic strife to the forefront of peoples ' minds .
This would have been an unfortunate historical footnote for the stat buff if not for the fact that he was then shot to death upon his return home .
Nobody knows for sure , but in a country such as Colombia , in which drug lords hold sway , it has been rumored that massive gambling losses in the underworld was the trigger .
(As far as the courts determined , however , Escobar was simply shot for protesting when a man in a bar ridiculed him for his own goal . )
In 2006 the Ivory Coast , long since wracked by civil war , saw battling factions put down arms and pick up remote controls for a ceasefire in order to support the Ivorians in their first ever crack at World Cup play .
The Path Ahead
So much is at stake : the North has in recent months reacted with fury to allegations of its sinking a Southern vessel , and diplomatic relations between the two states - hardly ideal at the best of times - have reached a recent nadir .
Might we see scenes of similar fraternity this year ?
As for Greece , a country cowed and humiliated by its financial disasters and civic unrest , the World Cup is a superb chance to prove that this small population can still hold its own , much as they did in the 2004 European Championships by pulling off a massively unlikely underdog win .
FIFA do , too .
Under the dreadful apartheid regime the country lived a strange , alone existence ;
If history 's anything to go by , how this one goes both on and off the pitch could determine so much more in years to come .
The perfect heart
There was not a mark or a flaw in it .
Suddenly , an old man appeared at the front of the crowd and said , " Your heart is not nearly as beautiful as mine . "
The people stared - how can he say his heart is more beautiful , they thought ?
" Compare your heart with mine , mine is perfect and yours is a mess of scars and tears . "
You see , every scar represents a person to whom I have given my love - I tear out a piece of my heart and give it to them , and often they give me a piece of their heart which fits into the empty place in my heart , but because the pieces are n't exact , I have some rough edges , which I cherish , because they remind me of the love we shared .
Although these gouges are painful , they stay open , reminding me of the love I have for these people , and I hope someday they may return and fill the space I have waiting .
He walked up to the old man , reached into his perfect young and beautiful heart , and ripped a piece out .
The young man looked at his heart , not perfect anymore but more beautiful than ever , since love from the old man 's heart flowed into his .
Roses for Mama
As he got out of his car he noticed a young girl sitting on the curb sobbing .
The man smiled and said , " Come on in with me , I 'll buy you a rose . "
She said , Yes , please !
She directed him to a cemetery , where she placed the rose on a freshly dug grave .
EVBCorpus
Some of the vaccines may be given as part of a combination vaccine so that your child gets fewer shots .
1-2 months
2 months
PCV : Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine
Rota : Rotavirus vaccine
6 months
The vaccine is recommended every year for children older than 6 months .
Although children 6 months to 5 years old are still considered the group of kids who need the flu vaccine the most , updated guidelines from the centers for disease control and prevention ( CDC ) now recommend that all older kids and teens get it , too ( as long as enough is available ) .
High-risk groups include , but are n't limited to , kids with asthma , heart problems , sickle cell anemia , diabetes , and human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) .
12-15 months
12-23 months
4-6 years
The vaccine also may be given to boys ages 9 to 18 .
College entrants
At birth , infants have protection against certain diseases because antibodies have passed through the placenta from the mother to the unborn child .
Immunization ( vaccination ) is a way of creating immunity to certain diseases by using small amounts of a killed or weakened microorganism that causes the particular disease .
Because the components of vaccines are weakened or killed - and in some cases , only parts of the microorganism are used - they 're unlikely to cause any serious illness .
Please note that some variations are acceptable and that changes in recommendations frequently occur as new vaccines are developed .
The AAP recommends that children get combination vaccines ( rather than single vaccines ) whenever possible .
Hepatitis B
Immunization schedule
The first shot is often given to infants shortly after birth .
If the first dose is given shortly after birth , the second shot is given at 1 to 2 months and the third at 6 to 18 months .
In either case , the second and third shots are usually given in conjunction with other routine childhood immunizations .
The hepatitis B vaccine usually creates long-term immunity .
Eliminating the risk of infection also decreases risk for cirrhosis of the liver , chronic liver disease , and liver cancer .
There is a very small chance of an allergic reaction with any vaccine .
* if your child is currently sick , although simple colds or other minor illnesses should not prevent immunization
Caring for your child after immunization
When to call the doctor
* if you have concerns about your own HBV carrier state
Pneumococcal Vaccine ( PCV )
Thepneumococcus bacterium is spread through person-to-person contact .
Kids who miss the first dose or may have missed subsequent doses due to vaccine shortage should still receive the vaccine , and your doctor can give you a modified schedule for immunization .
The most serious infections affect children younger than 2 years old , and the vaccine will protect them when they 're at greatest risk .
* HIV/AIDS
* receiving medications that affect the immune system , such as steroids or chemotherapy
Children who receive the PCV vaccine may have redness , tenderness , or swelling where the shot was given .
When to delay or avoid immunization
The vaccine may cause mild fever , and soreness and redness in the area where the shot was given .
Check with your doctor to see if you can give either medication , and to find out the appropriate dose .
* if your child missed a dose in the series
* diphtheria - a serious infection of the throat that can block the airway and cause severe breathing difficulty
Immunization schedule
Why the vaccine is recommended
Possible risks
Severe complications caused by DTaP immunization are rare .
* if your child has an uncontrolled seizure disorder or certain neurologic diseases or seems not to be developing normally - the pertussis component of the vaccine may not be given , and your child may receive a DT ( diphtheria and tetanus ) vaccine instead
* an allergic reaction after receiving the vaccine , such as mouth , throat , or facial swelling
* persistent , uncontrolled crying that lasts for more than 3 hours during the first 2 days after injection
Check with your doctor to see if you can give either medication , and to find out the appropriate dose .
When to call the doctor
* if complications or severe symptoms develop after immunization , including seizures , fever above 105 ° Fahrenheit ( 40.5° Celsius ) , difficulty breathing or other signs of allergy , shock or collapse , or uncontrolled crying for more than 3 hours
Haemophilus influenzae type b bacteria were the leading cause of meningitis in children under 5 years until the Hib vaccine became available .
Why the vaccine is recommended
Possible risks
There is a very small chance of an allergic reaction with any vaccine .
* if severe allergic reaction occurs after an injection of the Hib vaccine , further Hib immunizations may not be given to your child
Caring for your child after immunization
Depending on the age of your child , pain and fever may be treated with acetaminophen or ibuprofen .
* if serious adverse reactions appear after the Hib injection
Polio is a viral infection that can result in permanent paralysis .
Until recently , the oral poliovirus vaccine ( OPV ) was given in the United States .
This change eliminates the previous small risk of developing polio after receiving the live oral polio vaccine .
The vaccine offers protection against polio , which can cause paralysis and death .
Side effects include fever and redness or soreness at the site of injection .
* IPV should not be given to kids with severe allergy to neomycin , streptomycin , or polymyxin B.
Caring for your child after immunization
When to call the doctor
Influenza
Beginning in the 2010-2011 flu season , the seasonal flu vaccine protects against H1N1 flu , as well as other flu viruses .
* pregnant women
* people of any age who have chronic health conditions
So talk with your doctor about availability .
It can take about 2 weeks after the shot is given for the body to build up protection against the flu .
The nasal mist contains live but weakened virus that will not cause the flu .
Talk to your doctor about which vaccine is right for your child .
The flu vaccine reduces a person 's chances of catching the flu by up to 80 % during the season .
However , later in the flu season , it 's still a good idea to get protection .
Even if you or your child got the seasonal flu vaccine last year , that wo n't protect you from getting the seasonal flu this year , because the protection wears off and flu viruses constantly change .
Since then , the H1N1 flu shot has been incorporated into the seasonal flu shot .
Usually given as an injection in the upper arm , the flu shot contains killed flu viruses that will not cause someone to get the flu , but will cause the body to make antibodies to fight off a live flu virus if it does enter the body .
Because the nasal spray flu vaccine is made from live viruses , it may cause mild flu-like symptoms , including runny nose , headache , vomiting , muscle aches , and fever .
When to delay or avoid immunization
* anyone who 's severely allergic to eggs and egg products .
Tell the doctor if your child is allergic before he or she gets a flu shot .
* anyone with a severe illness
Pain and fever may be treated with acetaminophen or ibuprofen .
A warm , damp cloth or a heating pad also may help minimize soreness .
When to call the doctor
* if there are serious problems after the immunization , such as an allergic reaction , high fever , or other concern
The MMR vaccine protects against measles , mumps , and rubella .
MMR vaccinations are given by injection in two doses .
Why the vaccine is recommended
Serious problems such as allergic reactions are rare .
When to delay or avoid immunization
* if your child has an allergy to gelatin or to the antibiotic neomycin , check with your doctor about immunization
* if your child is taking pred nisone , steroids , or other immunosuppressive drugs
* pregnant women should wait until after delivery for the vaccine
If a rash develops without other symptoms , no treatment is necessary and it should resolve within several days .
When to call the doctor
The varicella vaccine protects against chickenpox ( varicella ) , a common and very contagious childhood viral illness .
Older kids under the age of 13 years who have not had chickenpox may also receive the vaccine , with the two doses given at least 3 months apart .
It 's up to 85 % effective in preventing mild illness .
Serious reactions such as allergic reactions are extremely rare .
A rash can occur up to 1 month after the injection .
When to delay or avoid immunization
* if your child had a severe allergic reaction to a previous dose of varicella vaccine
* if your child has a disorder that affects the immune system , such as cancer ; is taking prednisone , steroids , or other immunosuppressive drugs ; or is undergoing chemotherapy or radiation therapy
Caring for your child after immunization
* if you are n't sure if the vaccine should be postponed or avoided
* if there are problems after the immunization
It is also recommended for children between the ages of 2 and 10 with certain high risk medical problems .
Bacterial meningitis , an inflammation of the membrane that protects the brain and spinal cord , is a rare but highly contagious disease that can spread rapidly among kids who are in close quarters .
Severe problems , such as allergic reactions , are rare .
* if your child is currently sick , although simple colds or other minor illnesses should not prevent immunization
Pain and fever may be treated with acetaminophen or ibuprofen .
When to Call the Doctor
* if you are n't sure if the vaccine should be postponed or avoided
Childcare centers are a common site of outbreaks .
Although in the past the vaccine was recommended for older kids and adults who were at high risk for the disease ( such as those who lived in or traveled to locations with high rates of HAV ) , the vaccine is now recommended for anyone who desires immunity to the disease .
Some infected children do not have any symptoms , and can spread the virus to others .
Allergic reactions to the vaccine are rare .
Caring for your child after immunization
Pain and fever may be treated with acetaminophen or ibuprofen .
When to call the doctor
Rotavirus
Why the vaccine is recommended
Side effects can include diarrhea and vomiting , in addition to fever .
* if your child is currently sick , although simple colds should not prevent immunization
* if your child has a history of intussusception , a type of serious bowel blockage , talk to your doctor about immunization
Depending on the age of your child , fever may be treated with acetaminophen or ibuprofen .
* if you are n't sure if the vaccine should be postponed or avoided
The vaccine is given as a series of three shots over a 6-month period and is recommended for girls 11 or 12 years old , as well as for older girls who are unvaccinated .
Why the vaccine is recommended
Side effects are usually mild fever and tenderness , swelling , and redness at the site of the injection .
When to delay or avoid immunization
* if your daughter had an allergic reaction to the first dose of HPV vaccine
* if your daughter is pregnant
* if your daughter has a bleeding disorder ( discuss with your hematologist )
Pain and fever may be treated with acetaminophen or ibuprofen .
* if there are problems after the immunization
Some types of vaccines are :
For example , the diphtheria and tetanus vaccines are toxoid vaccines .
Ask your doctor for more information .
Helping kids through vaccine injections
* Tell younger kids that it 's OK to cry , but also encourage them to be brave .
Try having kids count , sing a song with you , or look away ( perhaps at a picture on the wall ) .
A trip to the park or playground can make the overall immunization experience less unpleasant .
EVBCorpus
By Robert Crum
I drive down a back road , minding my own business , when I gradually realize that people are waving at me .
At first the gesture is unsettling .
Then I remember .
And if anything distinguishes city folk from country folk , it 's that in rural areas people make a habit of waving at strangers .
One need n't be too obvious or exuberant about these things .
When I pass our neighbor , he salutes me with his customary broad , slow wave , which makes him look as though he 's cleaning a window .
People in the country will wave whether they 're going sixty miles an hour or ten .
If for some reason I forget to wave back - say I 'm fiddling with the radio dial - I can't help but feel a twinge of guilt .
Were they neighbors ?
To understand the geographical nature of this custom , try a simple test : Wave from your car at strangers along a city street .
The reason is that , in the country , the human figure stands out against the landscape ; it demands recognition .
But I think waving is also a way of recognizing the setting around the human figure .
Howdy , I wave to the far range of mountains .
Then she tries to teach our baby daughter to do the same .
Howdy , I wave to them .
Howdy !
Steve Jobs : February 24 , 1955 - October 5 , 2011
Former Apple CEO Steve Jobs , father of the Macintosh and the brains behind the wild success of the iPod , iPhone , and iPad , has passed away , Apple has confirmed on its website .
That was in 1971 - years before the two roped in a couple more friends to begin working on their first computers for Apple .
Jobs made a triumphant return to the struggling company in 1997 following Apple 's purchase of Jobs " other company , NeXT Computer .
But the legend of Steve Jobs goes much further - and will live much longer - than any single piece of technology that Apple has produced .
His high standards , combined with his eye for simplicity , will certainly live on in Apple 's future creations .
Steve Jobs " died of respiratory arrest "
Apple co-founder Steve Jobs died of respiratory arrest linked to the spread of his pancreatic cancer , his death certificate has revealed .
The death certificate was released by the Santa Clara County Public Health Department on Monday the Associated Press news agency reports .
He had a liver transplant five years later .
Jobs died the day after Apple announced its latest iPhone , the 4S .
Oct. 5 , 2011 - Steve Jobs , the visionary co-founder of Apple Inc. who revolutionized the way we use technology , died today after fighting advanced pancreatic cancer since 2004 .
Tech innovator had been battling pancreatic cancer for years
The death was announced by the company he helped found .
" Apple has lost a visionary and creative genius , and the world has lost an amazing human being , " Apple stated in a note on its web site .
Steve leaves behind a company that only he could have built , and his spirit will forever be the foundation of Apple . "
That was also true when he resigned from the company in August 2011 .
I hereby resign as CEO of Apple .
Yet he was realistic about his future :
These things just fall away in the face of death , leaving only what is truly important .
In his nearly four-decade career , Jobs oversaw the development of some of the most iconic tech products of the past half century .
A year later , Jobs helped found Pixar , the independent animation studio that produced Toy Story and its two sequels , Monsters Inc. , Ratatouille , and a host of others Academy Award-winning computer-animated films .
During his second tenure at Apple , the company introduced the iPod , the iPhone , and , most recently , the iPad .
Meanwhile , its Macintosh line of personal computers has , over the past several years , transformed the company from an also-ran to a top seller in the PC market .
This type of tumor accounts for 3 % of all pancreatic tumors .
Pommier did not participate in Jobs 's care .
Throughout his illness , Jobs preferred privacy over public disclosure of the details of his condition , and the reason for the liver transplant was never disclosed .
Dear Google : Android Needs Your Help
Dear Google : Android Needs Your Help
Listen , Google , we need to talk .
Your neglect is starting to show for those of us who depend on Android .
Lately , finding apps in the Google Play store has been harder than usual - even popular apps can be difficult to locate at times , and it 's worse if the user is searching for tablet-specific applications .
What happened to you , Google ?
Your own CEO said recently that Android is n't a crucial component to Google 's business strategy .
But even if Android does n't bring in big bucks , we all know that the OS is an important part of your business , and it wo n't do anyone any good if you let Android wither .
For starters , let 's look at how you handle apps .
Trying to find an app in the Google Play store is akin to navigating New York 's sewer system while blindfolded : People have no idea what they 're going to find , and they might run across some pretty unsavory things .
The iPad is so popular in large part because the Apple App Store contains tens of thousands of tablet apps that are easy to find .
Developers Face Challenges
One reason is that Android tablets are n't selling well .
Although Java is a basic programming language that most people learn in Computer Science 101 , it 's difficult to work with , and it can prevent Android apps from looking as good as ( or better than ) their iOS counterparts .
Most app developers are n't making any money off Android , and some developers have quit the platform , calling it " unsustainable . "
We users would then have to wade through even more junk before finding an app that 's worth downloading .
Lately carriers and manufacturers seem to be dictating which apps users can and cannot have on an Android phone or tablet .
I do n't like having carriers tell me what I can and cannot do , especially when it comes to apps .
Most of it we ca n't remove unless we root our devices .
Even the Samsung Galaxy Nexus , a phone that 's supposed to have the most up-to-date version of Android , carries a different operating system depending on which version a person purchases .
The Sprint , Verizon , and unlocked versions all receive updates at different intervals , and are all running different versions of Ice Cream Sandwich .
Look , Google , I 'm not advising you to try to control the types of Android phones and tablets that companies make .
If you were to set a minimum hardware requirement for all phones and tablets , developers would be able to design their apps for those parameters and be sure that the apps will work on any Android device .
In this way , you would prevent manufacturers from creating cheap devices with ancient specs .
Google , by working more closely with HTC , Motorola , Samsung , and the other major makers of Android phones and tablets , you can take a step toward a more unified Android experience .
We just wish you showed as much interest in your own OS as we did .
A Very Special Christmas Gift
A young mother had discovered that her five-year-old daughter had wasted an entire roll of rather expensive gold wrapping paper .
The little girl entered the room and began slowly approaching her mother who was standing there holding the small crudely wrapped box .
The mother 's anger was quickly defused , and the matter was dropped as the box was placed back beneath the Christmas tree .
Then the little girl said , " Oh , Mommy , it 's not empty !
She fell on her knees and put her arms around her little girl , and she begged her daughter 's forgiveness for her outburst of anger and for her thoughtlessness .
Her daughter had obviously placed it there shortly after the mother 's tearful apology on Christmas Day .
Then she suddenly recognized a feeling of deep comfort had come over her .
I blew kisses into it until it was full . "
It now seemed as though her beautiful daughter was actually saying those very same words to her .
The mother knew she was holding the most precious gift she had ever gotten from her daughter .
The gift of eternal love .
Each of us , as human beings , have been given , in a very real sense , exactly the same gift as the one given by the little girl , and it too is also filled with unconditional love .
Today , let us each remember ; There is no possession anyone could hold that is more precious than the " gift " of the LOVE OF GOD .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
She puts on her robe and goes downstairs to look for him .
She watches as he wipes a tear from his eye and takes a sip of coffee .
He asks solemnly .
The husband pauses .
" Yes , I remember . " says the wife , lowering herself into a chair beside him .
She replies softly .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
He called his parents from San Francisco .
" Sure , " they replied , " we 'd love to meet him . "
" I 'm sorry to hear that , son .
Someone with such a handicap would be a terrible burden on us .
He 'll find a way to live on his own . "
A few days later , however , they received a call from the San Francisco police
They recognized him , but to their horror they also discovered something they did n't know , their son had only one arm and one leg .
Thankfully , there 's someone who won't treat us that way .
You do n't know how it happens
Friends are a very rare jewel , indeed.
EVBCorpus
Christmas Lights
Finally , the lights of Christmas would start to go up , and the anticipation would build .
The sound of the choir sent chills through my body , and when my older sister , a soloist , sang " Silent Night , " my cheeks flushed with pride .
I 'd stumble out of bed and walk down the hall toward the glow from the living room .
My unfocused , sleep-filled eyes created a halo around each light , amplifying and warming it .
One November night , about a month before Christmas , I was sitting at the dining room table playing solitaire .
When I heard him at the kitchen door , I jumped up and brushed past my mother to meet him .
Still , when I ran up to him , he enfolded me in his arms .
His cold winter coat pressed against my cheek and the smell of frost mingled with the smell of wool .
After the first few seconds of the familiar hug , his grip tightened .
Someone told me to take my younger brother and sister to play down in the recreation room .
I saw an ambulance crew enter and then leave with someone on a stretcher , covered in a red blanket .
But this year , something was different .
Then , instead of being blinded by the warm lights , I could see everything in the dull room .
I could even see a little bit of the outside world through the window .
Christmas Day was n't good , it was n't bad ; it was just another grey day in winter , and I could always get great overtime pay for working .
With two kids , Christmas became a great time of year .
The choir was singing beautifully , and the last thing I remember was wishing to hear my sister sing " Silent Night " again .
I knew how much my father must have loved me in exactly the same complete way I loved my son .
I knew he had felt the same mixture of pride , joy and limitless love for me .
I rubbed my eyes with the back of my hands to clear them .
Through my tears the tree lights radiated a brilliant , warm glow .
From that day forward , all the magic and joy of Christmas was mine again .
Why we shout when in anger
He turned to his disciples smiled and asked .
Disciples thought for a while , one of them said , " Because we lose our calm , we shout . "
Finally the saint explained ,
The angrier they are , the stronger they will have to shout to hear each other to cover that great distance .
The distance between them is either nonexistent or very small ...
The saint continued , 'When they love each other even more , what happens ?
He looked at his disciples and said .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
I always wanted to be famous and that would mean lots of travel .
But they are also the same reason why I hate airports .
Even as I write this I am experiencing that pounding sensation in my heart .
Watching people cling to each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what I have even more .
She then looked at my ticket and began to ask , " How long will you ... Oh , my God .
But I learn from goodbye moments , too .
She in turn said .
They kissed and she left .
Standing there I could see he wanted and needed to cry .
" Yes , I have , " I replied .
" Forgive me for asking , but why is this a forever goodbye ? "
" When you were saying goodbye I heard you say , " I wish you enough . "
My parents used to say it to everyone . "
I wish you enough rain to appreciate the sun more .
I wish you enough gain to satisfy your wanting .
My friends , I wish you enough !
Everything Happens For The Good
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The advisor followed the King everywhere , and his favorite advice was , " Everything happens for the good " .
He shot an arrow at his own foot and was injured .
" Now , what do you think ? "
The King later went on a hunting trip , this time without the advisor .
He was taken to the cannibals ' camp where he was to be the evening meal for the cannibals .
The cannibals saw the wound on the King 's foot and decided to throw him back into the jungle .
The King suddenly realized what his advisor said was true .
It is true that everything in life happens for a purpose , and always for our own good .
The Christmas Present
Della was crying .
And sixty cents of it was in pennies .
One dollar and eighty-seven cents .
Tomorrow would be Christmas day , and she had only one dollar and eighty-seven cents with which to buy Jim , her husband , a present .
Expenses had been greater than she expected .
She had spent many hours planning for something nice for him , something fine and rare , something worthy of the honor being owned by Jim .
There was a narrow mirror between the windows of the room .
Now , there were two possessions in which Jim and Della took a great pride .
It reached below her knees .
She put on her old brown hat .
She walked some distance and finally stopped at a shop with a sign which read :
Della removed her hat and let fall her beautiful hair .
She was busy looking everywhere in the stores for Jim 's present .
It was a platinum watch chain , a beautiful one , worthy of the Watch .
It was like him , good taste and quality .
When Della arrived home she was less excited , and gradually she became more reasonable .
" If Jim does n't kill me before he looks at me a second time , " she said to herself , " he 'll say that I look like a child .
Della hold the chain in her hand and sat on the corner of the table near the door .
Poor fellow , he was only twenty two , and he had all the problems of having a family .
Della jumped off the table and went toward him .
I had my hair cut off and I sold it because I wanted to give you a Christmas present .
My hair grows very fast .
" I cut it off and sold it , "
" Do n't you like me just as well ?
" It is not necessary to look for it , "
I tell you - sold and gone .
He kissed Della .
" Do n't make any mistake , Della " .
They were beautiful combs - just the color to go with her beautiful hair .
" Oh , Oh ! "
She held it out to him anxiously in her hand .
You 'll have to look at your watch a hunred times a day now to find out the time .
I want to see how it looks on it . "
" Della , " said he , " let 's put our Christmas presents away and keep them awhile .
Puppies For Sale
A store owner was tacking a sign above his door that read " Puppies For Sale . "
The little boy reached in his pocket and pulled out some change .
The store owner smiled and whistled .
" What 's wrong with that little dog ? "
The little boy became excited .
The little boy got quite upset .
The store owner countered , " You really do n't want to buy this little dog .
To this , the little boy reached down and rolled up his pant leg to reveal a badly twisted , crippled left leg supported by a big metal brace .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
SON : " Daddy , may I ask you a question ? "
DAD : " That 's none of your business .
Please tell me , how much do you make an hour ? "
SON : " Daddy , may I please borrow $ 25 ? "
I do n't work hard everyday for such childish frivolities . "
The man sat down and started to get even angrier about the little boy 's questions .
After about an hour or so , the man had calmed down , and started to think :
" No daddy , I 'm awake , " replied the boy .
Here 's the $ 25 you asked for . "
The man saw that the boy already had money , started to get angry again .
Can I buy an hour of your time ?
He put his arms around his little son , and he begged for his forgiveness .
A Doll from Santa
A Doll from Santa
Alice 's mother died when she was five years old .
Alice , who grew up to be my mother , told me that her family was too poor to even afford to give her a doll .
In December 1982 , I had a job at a local bank .
One of my customers approached me with a sample of her handiwork : beautiful handmade dolls .
Then I had an idea .
So I placed my Christmas order : two dolls , one blonde and one gray-haired for Christmas morning !
I had prepared the presents for Santa to deliver , along with one for my mother tucked into the bottom of Santa 's bag .
My mother was enjoying watching her granddaughter 's reaction to the visit from this special guest .
As he asked who Alice was , my mother , taken aback by her name being called , indicated that she in fact was Alice .
For Alice :
Love ,
That doll , given by " Santa , " made my mother the happiest " child " alive .
The Forgiveness Tree
His punishment was a prison sentence which would take years to complete .
The young man hung his head in shame and walked away .
" Daddy , I am almost ready to be released from prison .
The days past and the newly released prisoner boarded the train .
So he asked the man sitting across the aisle if he would look for him .
The man held his breath waiting to hear whether he had been accepted or rejected .
The man 's heart fell into his shoes .
What does it mean ? "
Susan 's Magic Carpet
By Karen Taylor
My heart went out to our daughter .
She laid the piece of carpet on the kitchen counter , and the two girls headed outside to play with the family dogs .
" I 'm so sorry , honey , " was all I could manage to say .
After giving it a light brushing , I brought it into the house and tucked it away in the hall closet .
The girls did their homework together and went to bed at a reasonable hour .
" Susan invited me to come over to her house after school tomorrow , " she announced as she plunked her books down on the kitchen table .
In spite of the number of times Susan had visited with us , our invitations were never returned .
The words " foster mom " dangled in the air like a spent birthday balloon .
Susan never talked about her home life , and we did n't find it necessary to pry .
A tall angular woman wearing a shapeless tan sweater over navy blue pants stood in the screened doorway to greet us as we approached the small farmhouse .
" This is my medicine cabinet , " she explained .
A tarnished picture frame sitting on a crate beside the bed contained pictures of Susan 's parents and siblings from whom , we later learned , she had long since been separated .
The tightness of her features began to relax as we sipped our coffee and chatted about her cats .
As daylight began to fade , we offered our thanks for the visit and said good-bye .
Stealing a glance , I noticed her back was ramrod-straight .
A lump caught in my throat as I observed my daughter standing next to the trash can peering inside .
" Is this what you were looking for ? "
" Where 's My Kiss , Then ? "
" Where 's My Kiss , Then ? "
Cindy 's father worked six days a week , and often came home tired from the office .
Only one thing was missing , but Cindy did n't even realize it .
She kissed them both good night .
" Love you , too , " said Debbie .
No one had ever kissed her good night .
This is the way it should be .
Cindy did n't answer .
Why had they never hugged her or told her they loved her ?
Maybe there had been a mistake and these were n't her real parents .
Her father looked up from his paper .
No one made a move .
" Well , " she stammered , " because I guess ... because no one ever kissed me when I was little .
For many days she was angry .
She would never go back to the parents who did n't love her .
She decided that no one would believe her .
She would never have a family like Debbie 's .
All of a sudden , she saw the way .
He hung up immediately .
Cindy did n't answer .
She gave him a hug .
" I love you . "
At the bus stop , she stood on tiptoe and kissed her mother .
Sometimes her parents drew back from her , stiff and awkward .
She has made her plan .
A short time later , the door of her room opened .
Cindy sat up .
She lay down again .
" I love you , too , " her mother said .
" I won't , " she said .
And when it time to leave , she 'd say , " I love you .
Carry me out in your arms
On my wedding day , I carried my wife in my arms .
She was then plump and shy .
The following days were as simple as a cup of pure water : we had a kid , I went into business and tried to make more money .
Our kid was studying in a boarding school .
It was a sunny day .
This was the apartment I bought for her .
Her words suddenly reminded me of my wife .
But I could n't help doing so .
Obviously she was unhappy , because I had promised her to go and see with her .
Honestly , she was a good wife .
The dinner was ready soon .
One day I said to her in a slight joking way , suppose we divorce , what will you do ?
When my wife went to my office , Dew had just stepped out .
But I read some hurt in her eyes .
When my wife served the last dish , I held her hand .
Suddenly I did n't know how to open my mouth .
She did n't seem to be much annoyed by my words , instead she asked me softly , " why ? "
She threw away the chopsticks and shouted at me .
I knew she wanted to find out what had happened to our marriage .
With a deep sense of guilt , I drafted a divorce agreement which stated that she could own our house , our car , and 30 % stake of my company .
I felt a pain in my heart .
To me her cry was actually a kind of release .
A late night , I came back home after entertaining my clients .
I turned over and was asleep again .
This question suddenly brought back all those wonderful memories to me .
From now to the end of this month , you must carry me out from the bedroom to the door every morning . "
I knew she missed those sweet days and wished to end her marriage with a romantic form .
Her words more or less made me feel uncomfortable .
Our son clapped behind us , " daddy is holding mummy in his arms . "
I nodded , feeling somewhat upset .
She leaned on my chest .
There were some fine wrinkles on her face .
The visualization of Dew became vaguer .
The sense of intimacy was even stronger .
I felt it was easier to carry her .
I was waiting to carry her out .
Then she sighed , " All my dresses have grown fatter . "
Again , I felt a sense of pain .
Our son came in at the moment .
I turned my face because I was afraid I would change my mind at the last minute .
Her hand surrounded my neck softly and naturally .
Our son had gone to school .
I jumped out of the car swiftly without locking the door .
Dew opened the door .
She looked at me , astonished .
I moved her hand off my head .
So I have to say sorry to you . "
When I passed the floral shop on the way , I ordered a bouquet for my wife which was her favorite .
EVBCorpus
" Willa Cather sat under the tree all morning again , " Alan said .
When young , she 'd never taken to hunting the way her siblings had .
Willa knew that birds have nests .
" Birds hardly ever fall out of trees .
One day , Willa did n't show up in her usual spot .
But I was mistaken .
" I 'll take care of it , " Alan said .
That left Charlotte Bront or ... non , impossible .
" How does she do it ?
" There 's a pack of mice under the woodpile . "
I waited and watched .
When a mouse ventured out , Willa 's black paw slammed him down .
She turned sixteen not long ago , but , tomorrow , we have an appointment with her vet .
Smart cat .
Time and Love
Once upon a time there was an island where all the feelings lived ; Happiness , Sadness , Knowledge , and all the others , including Love .
Love was the only one that stayed .
When the island was almost totally under , Love decided it was time to leave .
" Richness , can I come with you on your boat ? "
Then Love decided to ask Vanity for help who was passing in a beautiful vessel .
Love said , " Sadness , please let me go with you . "
Hapiness was so overjoyed that he did n't hear Love calling to him .
It was an elder .
Love then found Knowledge and asked , " Who was it that helped me ? "
Knowledge smiled and with deep wisdom and sincerity , answered , " Because only Time is capable of understanding how great Love is . "
Tree
There 's one gal who I love a lot but never dare to go after .
I really like her .
I 'm also afraid that after we are together all the good feelings will vanish .
I felt that if she 's my gal , she will be mine ultimately I do n't have to give up everything just for her .
When I kissed my 2nd girlfriend , she bumped into us .
I purposely did n't want to think about what causes her to cry but laugh at her the whole day .
My 4th girlfriend did n't like her .
But I still sided with my girlfriend .
I did n't care about her feelings and walked off with my girlfriend .
After going out for a day , I told her that I have something to tell her .
I know who 's the guy .
I ca n't show her my heartache but could only smile congratulate her .
Tears rolled down I broke down cry .
" Leaf departure is because of Wind pursuit , or because Tree did n't ask her to stay "
Because I felt that for a leaf to leave the tree she has been relying on for so long it takes a lot of courage .
But when he had his 1st girlfriend , I learnt a feeling I never should have learnt - Jealousy .
They were only together for 2 months .
But after a month , he got together with another gal .
But why wo n't he pursue me ?
Time after time , my heart was hurt .
It 's beyond what you will normally do for a friend .
Despite that , I still want to be by his side .
I know that no matter how busy he is , he will make time for me .
Sometimes , I wonder should I continue waiting .
He 's like a warm gentle wind , trying to blow a leaf away from the tree .
Finally I left tree , but the tree only smile did n't ask me to stay .
Wind
A wind that will blow her away .
During that time , she will always be sitting there .
Looking at her became my habit .
I ca n't explain the feeling except it 's a kind of uneasiness .
The next day , I saw her at her usual place , looking at him .
She looked at me , smiled accepts the note .
It because leaf never want to leave tree "
But I have this perseverance that one day I will make her like me .
But I never give up .
If I decide I want her to be mine , I will definitely use all means to win her over .
I did n't hear any reply from her over the phone .
She said , " I 'm nodding my head " .
" Leaf departure is because of Wind pursuit .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The goal of their game was to write the word " shmily " in a surprise place for the other to find .
" Shmily " was written in the steam left on the mirror after a hot shower , where it would reappear bath after bath .
The notes were stuffed inside shoes and left under pillows .
It took me a long time before I was able to fully appreciate my grandparents " game .
It was more than their flirtatious little games ; it was a way of life .
They finished each other 's sentences and shared the daily crossword puzzle and word jumble .
Before every meal they bowed their heads and gave thanks , marveling at their blessings : a wonderful family , good fortune , and each other .
He comforted her in their yellow room , painted that way so that she could always be surrounded by sunshine , even when she was too sick to go out side .
For a while , Grandpa would go to church alone , praying to God to watch over his wife .
As the crowd thinned and the last mourners turned to leave , my aunts , uncles , cousins and other family members came forward and gathered around Grandma one last time .
For I knew that , although I couldn't begin to fathom the depth of their love , I had been privileged to witness its unmatched beauty .
EVBCorpus
She did not know how she was going to make it and wanted to give up .
Once he heard his daughter groan , so he took her to the kitchen .
She didn't know that her father was doing .
" Carrots , eggs , and coffee , " she replied .
After pulling off the shell , she observed the hard- boiled egg .
" Each of these objects had faced the same adversity - boiling water - but_each reacted differently . "
Its thin outer shell had protected its liquid interior .
The ground coffee beans were unique .
" When adversity knocks on your door , how do you respond ?
Am I the egg that starts with a malleable heart , but changes with the heat ?
The bean actually changes the hot water , the very circumstance that brings the pain .
The time when things seem to be the worst is also the time for you to be the strongest .
EVBCorpus
In first grade your idea of a good friend was the person who went to the bathroom with you and held your hand as you walked through the scary halls .
In third grade your idea of a good friend was the person who shared their delicious lunch with you when you forgot yours on the bus .
In sixth grade your idea of a friend was the person who was side by side to help you when you came to a new environment .
In tenth grade your idea of a good friend was the person who changed their schedule so you would have someone to sit and talk with at lunch .
Now , your idea of a good friend is still the person who gives you the better of the two choices , holds your hand when you 're scared , helps you fight off those who try to " take advantage of you " , thinks of you at times when you are not there , reminds you of what you have forgotten , stays with you so that you have confidence , helps you clear up your mistakes , helps you deal with pressure from others !
Double Angels
Digging around the kitchen for some breakfast , I settled on a bowl of Cheerios and some left over_pizza from the night before .
I swung open the heavy glass door into the mall only to see an incredible sight .
Before I could say a word , he shoved his gray business card into my hand .
I 'll do that . "
I searched everywhere , up and down the mall in every store , with no luck .
Papers and boxes had been thrown everywhere from all the greedy Christmas shoppers digging around for the perfect gifts .
I was so frustrated and worn out from shopping that I stood up , screamed and kicked the box .
I opened it up to find an amazing glass plate with a Nativity scene on it .
As the cashier was ringing up my purchase , I reached into my pocket to get my money .
It would take me twenty minutes to skate home and back .
Some looked at me like I was crazy ; others just ignored me .
Great , I thought .
I wondered if it could be the wallet that the man in the black coat had lost .
Then my mouth dropped in awe when I discovered three hundred dollars inside .
I knew that I had to do the right thing , so I found a nearby pay phone and made a collect call to the number on the gray business card .
When I got there , the man was so excited that he thanked me over and over while he checked to see if his money and credit cards were still there .
" I do n't think I 've ever met a kid like you who would return all that money when he could have taken it without anybody knowing . "
I made it to the store just as they were getting ready to lock up .
Suddenly , it hit me .
It was another one of those moments when choirs of angels begin to sing and beams of light shine down on you .
Then I told her all about what happened when I was trying to get her gift .
Especially during that magical time called Christmas .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The pregnancy progresses normally for Karen , an active member of the Panther Creek United Methodist Church in Morristown , Tennessee .
Would a C-section be required ?
But she is in serious condition .
The pediatric specialist tells the parents , " There is very little hope .
Michael , keeps begging his parents to let him see his sister , " I want to sing to her " .
Karen makes up her mind .
He looks like a walking laundry basket ,
Karen tows Michael to his sister 's bedside .
You make me happy when skies are gray ... "
" You never know , dear , how much I love you ,
" The other night , dear , as I lay sleeping , I dreamed I held you in my arms ...
" You are my sunshine , my only sunshine .
Woman 's Day magazine called it " the miracle of a brother 's song . "
Interview with God
I dreamed I had an interview with God .
God smiled and said : " My time is eternity and is enough to do everything ; what questions do you have in mind to ask me ? "
" That they lose their health to make money and then lose their money to restore their health . "
God replied with a smile :
" To learn that a rich person is not the one who has the most , but is one who needs the least . "
" To learn that two people can look at the same thing and see it totally different . "
I sat there for awhile enjoying the moment .
All you have to do is ask for me , and I 'll answer . "
Love , Wealth and Success
A woman came out of her house and saw 3 old men with long white beards sitting in her front yard .
" Is the man of the house home ? " , they asked .
" Go tell them I am home and invite them in ! "
" Now go in and discuss with your husband which one of us you want in your home . "
" Let us invite Wealth .
Their daughter was listening from the other corner of the house .
" Go out and invite Love to be our guest . "
Love got up and started walking toward the house .
Surprised , the lady asked Wealth and Success :
The old men replied together :
" If you had invited Wealth or Success , the other two of us would 've stayed out ,
Wherever there is Love , there is also Wealth and Success ! "
EVBCorpus
If You Think You Can , You Can
My group of giggling children lined up before the sea of blue mats .
The children had mastered this series months ago .
I caught her ankles as she kicked into a handstand .
When she lost her balance , I continued to guide her and then we started the process again .
By his somber expression I did n't know what to expect .
" I 'm thinking of taking Megan out of class , " he said .
His arm draped protectively over Megan 's shoulders , he said ,
Megan 's eyes were downcast as if she wanted to disappear .
My coach Igor used to say , 'There are children with talent , then there is Christine .
" Sir , your daughter may never win a competition .
As I said these words Megan looked up at me .
He turned to Megan and said , " Honey , go and put on your leotard .
From that day forward , whenever I asked the children to line up for tumbling , Megan ran to stand in the front .
The Letter
She read the letter :
" Why would the Lord want to visit me ?
" Oh my goodness , I really don't have anything to offer .
" Well , I can get some bread and cold cuts , at least . "
A loaf of French bread , a half-pound of sliced turkey , and a carton of milk ...leaving Ruth with grand total of twelve cents to last her until Monday .
" Hey lady , can you help us , lady ? "
Ruth looked at them both .
" Yeah , well , okay lady , I understand .
" Sir , wait ! "
I 'll figure out something else to serve my guest . "
" Yes , thank you ! "
Ruth unbuttoned her jacket and slipped it over the woman 's shoulders .
Ruth was chilled by the time she reached her front door , and worried too .
She fumbled through her purse for the door key .
She took the envelope out of the box and opened it .
Love Always , Jesus
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
His interest in her had begun thirteen months before in a Florida library .
With time and effort he located her address .
He wrote her a letter introducing himself and inviting her to correspond .
Each letter was a seed falling on a fertile heart .
When the day finally came for him to return from Europe , they scheduled their first meeting - 7:00 PM at the Grand Central Station in New York .
A young woman was coming toward me , her figure long and slim .
As I moved , a small , provocative smile curved her lips .
She was standing almost directly behind the girl .
I felt as though I was split in two , so keen was my desire to follow her , and yet so deep was my longing for the woman whose spirit had truly companioned me and upheld my own .
My fingers gripped the small worn blue leather copy of the book that was to identify me to her .
I squared my shoulders and saluted and held out the book to the woman , even though while I spoke I felt choked by the bitterness of my disappointment .
" I do n't know what this is about , son , " she answered , " but the young lady in the green suit who just went by , she begged me to wear this rose on my coat .
EVBCorpus
He cried out , the Buddha appeared and asked , " Why are you crying ? "
The woodcutter replied , " No . "
The Buddha went down again and came up with an iron axe .
The woodcutter went home happily .
The Buddha went down into the water and came up with Jennifer Lopez .
" You cheat !
Long Distance Vitamins
By Emily Chase
My husband and I stayed with him for the weekend but had to return to our jobs by Monday morning .
Then I remembered a family tradition I initiated when our children were small .
They hide notes in the cereal box , to be poured into their bowls the next morning .
For days after our departure , their grandparents would smile as they discovered these reminders of our love .
So as I tidied Dad 's kitchen and made up a bed for him downstairs in the living room , I began writing notes .
" Dad , I hope you sleep well in your new bed . "
While others cared for Dad 's day-to-day needs , we , of course , would stay in touch by phone .
He said , " I 'll tell you how I 'm doing .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Bobby didn't wear boots ; he didn't like them and anyway he didn't own any .
He shook his head as he thought ,
She worked nights at the hospital , but the small wage that she was earning could only be stretched so far .
Here it was Christmas Eve already , and he had nothing .
It wasn't easy being six without a father , especially when he needed a man to talk to .
It was starting to get dark and Bobby reluctantly turned to walk home when suddenly his eyes caught the glimmer of the setting sun 's rays reflecting off of something along the curb .
His excitement quickly turned cold when the salesperson told him that he couldn't buy anything with only a dime .
Then he put his hand on Bobby 's shoulder , " You just wait here , I 'll see what I can do for you . "
Suddenly the shop owner came out and moved to the counter .
Slowly , Bobby moved his hand to give the man his dime .
" I just happened to have some roses on sale for ten cents a dozen .
As he returned inside , the shop keeper 's wife walked out .
I wasn't sure at the time whether I had lost my mind or what , but I set them aside anyway .
A bearded man , whom I never knew , stopped me on the street and told me that he wanted to give me ten dollars .
Christmas Is for Love
Christmas is for love .
Mark was an 11 year old orphan who lived with his aunt , a bitter middle aged woman greatly annoyed with the burden of caring for her dead sister 's son .
We did this quietly and comfortably , not speaking much , but enjoying the solitude of that hour of the day .
I told him how I had missed him , and his large gray eyes lit up eagerly as he replied , Did you really miss me ? "
" I was making you a surprise , " he whispered confidentially .
He didn't stay after school any more after that .
" I hope you like it . "
I asked opening the top to look inside .
" What is it Mark , " I asked gently , "that will make me feel so good ?" " It 's love , " he whispered softly , " and mother always said it 's best when you give it away . "
Yes , Christmas is for gaiety , mirth and song , for good and wondrous gifts .
EVBCorpus
His clerk , Bob Cratchit , shivers in the anteroom because Scrooge refuses to spend money on heating coals for a fire .
" Humbug ! " in response to his nephew 's " Merry Christmas ! "
As punishment for his greedy and self-serving life his spirit has been condemned to wander the Earth weighted down with heavy chains .
He wakes moments before the arrival of the Ghost of Christmas Past , a strange childlike phantom with a brightly glowing head .
The Ghost of Christmas Present , a majestic giant clad in a green fur robe , takes Scrooge through London to unveil Christmas as it will happen that year .
Scrooge finds the jovial gathering delightful and pleads with the spirit to stay until the very end of the festivities .
The Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come leads Scrooge through a sequence of mysterious scenes relating to an unnamed man 's recent death .
Scrooge looks at the headstone and is shocked to read his own name .
He suddenly finds himself safely tucked in his bed .
As the years go by , he holds true to his promise and honors Christmas with all his heart : he treats Tiny Tim as if he were his own child , provides lavish gifts for the poor , and treats his fellow human beings with kindness , generosity , and warmth .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
One man was allowed to sit up in his bed for an hour a day to drain the fluids from his lungs .
They spoke of their wives and families , their homes , their jobs , their involvement in the military service , where they had been on vacation .
Ducks and swans played on the water while children sailed their model boats .
One warm afternoon the man by the window described a parade passing by .
As the thought fermented , the man felt ashamed at first .
He should be by that window - and that thought now controlled his life .
Listening from across the room , he never moved , never pushed his own button which would have brought the nurse running .
When she found the lifeless body of the man by the window , she was saddened and called the hospital attendant to take it away no words , no fuss .
Finally , he would have the joy of seeing it all himself .
The pursuit of happiness is a matter of choice ... it is a positive attitude we consciously choose to express .
The pursuit of happiness is an inward journey .
EVBCorpus
Take Geri Mitchell of Seattle , for example , whose bag went missing for the entirety of her four-day stay in Hawaii for a wedding .
The day she arrived back home , a Maui airport employee called to inform her that her belongings had been sitting in the lost-luggage office there for a week .
Oh , and the missing bag ?
Though none of the following four scenarios are common ( last year , airlines only mishandled 12.07 bags for every 1,000 passengers ) they are among the most frequent reasons bags are lost , according to various airline officials and fliers " rights groups .
Cause : When you check your bag , it gets tagged with an oddly printed , illegible routing label - or a legible label gets snagged and torn off your bag shortly after being tagged .
Effect : No one notices the missing/unreadable tag until the bag has gone through TSA and arrived in the hectic distribution area .
After arriving at your destination and waiting in vain for your bag to appear on the carousel , you file a report at the local baggage-service counter , providing a solid description of the suitcase .
Scenario # 2 : You forget to pick up your luggage upon landing
Whatever the reason , you walk straight past the carousel and leave the airport without collecting your generic black roller bag ( with no I.D. tag , natch ) , and don't realize it until you've arrived at home .
Scenario # 3 : The attendant types in the wrong destination code
Effect : When you arrive to your destination and your bag does not , you file a lost-baggage report , giving a detailed description .
If it has no ID tag , it will sit -- and sit -- with the other unclaimed luggage .
Effect : Even though the bag goes to the wrong city , it is properly tagged .
( That's about 3.57 reports per 1,000 passengers . )
Make yourself known : The key is to ID your bag in multiple places - outside as well as inside - by placing ID cards in various pockets and pouches .
Document the evidence : Photograph or video the contents of your bag as you pack .
Arrive early : If you check a bag within 30 minutes of your departure time , it may not actually make it onto the plane .
Another option is to purchase a bag that's not black or navy ( like the overwhelming majority ) , making it easier to spot in a roomful of luggage .
The airlines will not , however , simply pay you to replace your missing items .
Here is a ray of sunshine : As of August 2011 , a new law requires airlines to reimburse passengers for checked baggage fees ( typically $ 25 and up ) when said baggage is lost .
A little girl whose parents had died lived with her grandmother and slept in an upstairs bedroom .
The fire spread quickly , and the first floor of the house was soon engulfed in flames .
The little girl appeared at an upstairs window , crying for help , just as word spread among the crowd that firefighters would be delayed a few minutes because they were all at another fire .
Suddenly , a man appeared with a ladder .
An investigation revealed that the child had no living relatives ,
A farmer offered her an upbringing on his farm .
Finally , the town's richest resident arose and said :
The meeting chairman asked .
His gait was slow and he seemed in pain .
The child cried out : " This is the man who rescued me ! "
Then she looked up and smiled at him .
Not he who has much is rich , but he who gives much .
Regret City
I got tickets to fly there on " WISH-I-HAD " airlines .
I chose to carry it myself all the way .
As I checked into the " Last Resort " Hotel , I noticed that they would be hosting the year's most important event - the annual " Pity Party . "
Then came the " I Had " family .
The biggest family there would be the " Yesterday's . "
Each story would be loudly applauded by the " Don't Blame Me " and " I Couldn't Help It " committee .
But as I thought about all of the stories of failures brought back from the past , it occurred to me that this trip and subsequent " pity parties " COULD be cancelled by ME !
I can be happy , joyous , fulfilled , encouraged , as well as being encouraging .
YES !
Instead , take a trip to a nice place called : " Starting Again . "
That load is lifted from your shoulders upon arrival .
EVBCorpus
Infertility is defined by the American Society for Reproductive Medicine ( ASRM ) as a disease of the reproductive system that impairs the body 's ability to perform the basic function of rep r oduction .
unblocked fallopian tubes that allow the sperm to reach the egg
Who is affected by infertility ?
About one-third of infertile couples have more than one cause or factor related to their inability to conceive .
About 20 percent of couples have no identifiable cause for their infertility after medical investigation .
female factors
Abnormal development or function of the female anatomy can prevent the egg and the sperm from meeting .
Endometriosis is a condition in which the tissue that lines the uterus develops outside the uterus , usually on other reproductive organs inside the pelvis or in the abdominal cavity .
One of the most common reproductive system birth defects occurs following a woman 's exposure to DES ( diethylstilbestrol ) taken by her mother during pregnancy .
infection
PID can affect the uterus , fallopian tubes , and_or the ovaries .
A problem with a woman 's immune system can lead to pregnancy loss .
low or absent sperm production
Sperm must have proper motility and the ability to penetrate the egg .
This is a condition in which varicose veins develop around the testes .
hormonal disorders
birth defects
immunological problems
Some obstetrician // gynecologists ( OB/GYNs ) are able to provide basic infertility evaluation and treatment .
The physician is looking for answers to the following questions :
Are there any obstacles to proper implantation and maintenance of the pregnancy ?
female
An evaluation of ovulation function using an analysis of body temperatures and ovulation called the basal body temperature chart , or with ovulation prediction methods using urine samples , may be recommended .
Ultrasound can show the presence of follicles ( the sacs containing developing eggs ) and the thickness of the uterine tissues .
This test uses a radio-opaque dye injected into the cervical opening to visualize the inside of the uterus and determine if the fallopian tubes are open .
According to the ASRM , a normal ejaculate contains more than 20 million sperm per milliliter of liquid , more than 50 percent of the sperm should be moving forward , and more than 30 percent of sperm should have normal shapes .
Treatment for infertility :
cause of the disorder
your opinion or preference
Types of treatments for women may include the following :
Ovulation medications can stimulate more than one egg to be released which increases the possibility of having twins and other multiples .
follicle-stimulating hormone ( FSH )
This procedure is often used in combination with ovulation medications .
In a laparoscopy , a small telescope inserted into the abdominal or pelvic cavity allows internal organs to be visualized .
For some couples , more extensive treatment is needed .
In vitro fertilization ( IVF )
IVF is also used for infertility caused by endometriosis or male factor infertility .
Intracytoplasmic sperm injection ( ICSI )
GIFT is only used in women with healthy fallopian tubes .
ZIFT is only used in women with healthy fallopian tubes .
Donor eggs
The likelihood of a fertilized egg implanting is related to the age of the woman who produced the egg .
This procedure is often used when an IVF cycle produces more embryos than can be transferred at one time .
Assisted reproductive technologies ( ART ) .
Artificial insemination involves the placement of relatively large numbers of healthy sperm either at the entrance of the cervix or into the partner 's uterus , by passing the cervix , to have direct access to the fallopian tubes .
Microsurgical fertilization ( microinjection techniques such as intracytoplasmic sperm injection , or ICSI )
A small percentage of infertile men have a hormonal disorder that can be treated with hormone therapy .
Surgical therapy in male infertility is designed to overcome anatomical barriers that impede sperm production and maturation or ejaculation .
About 20 percent of couples have unexplained infertility , for which a cause , despite all investigations , is not found .
Lessons Learned
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
On their return from their trip , the father asked his son , " How was the trip ? "
" Oh yeah , " said the son .
We have a pool that reaches to the middle of our garden and they have a creek that has no end .
We have servants who serve us , but they serve others .
Then his son added , " Thanks Dad for showing me how poor we are . "
I Will Remember
The zucchini plants quickly became my favorite .
They seemed so helpless .
" Nana , " I asked one day , " should I take off all these little yellow flowers ? "
" No , darling , " she said with a little laugh , " those flowers will turn into zucchini soon . "
Soon you 'll see that little things can turn into wonderful things .
Every Sunday I returned to the garden to check on the zucchini plants , and each time I saw more and more zucchini .
" Yes , " Nana said , " when you look after things , good things tend to grow .
I looked after the zucchini plants even better after that .
Then one Sunday I watched as she took the clippers and cut off one whole branch of the plant .
" What did you do that for ? "
" You might have to make the same kind of choice some day , " she said .
" I 'll remember that , " I said .
" Nana , what 's wrong with my plant ? "
Things grow but then they stop .
" Yes , " she said , " but things end so new things can start . "
" Seasons change , but for everything that ends , something new will take its place . "
" I was thinking , Nana , what if we got Poppy to make a greenhouse ?
" Maybe we should just wait for the right season . "
Please Nana . "
" This is the perfect home for zucchini plants , " I said .
Week after week , the zucchini plants looked better and better .
" I have a little zucchini here and hundreds of flowers .
" Nana , I think you should remember something . "
I saw a tiny tear in her eye and for a moment , I thought she was going to cry .
" Thank you , darling " .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
So when she became ill , he moved heaven and earth to bring about her restoration to health .
The father was totally inconsolable .
They were marching in an apparently endless line .
Then he saw that the child with the dark candle was his own little girl .
The lesson was crystal clear , and its effects were immediate .
Robert De Vincenzo , the great Argentine golfer .
She congratulated him on his victory then told him that her child was seriously ill and near death .
" Make some good days for the baby , " he said as he pressed the check into her hand .
" Some of the boys in the parking lot last week told me you met a young woman there after you won that tournament . " De Vincenzo nodded .
She 's not even married .
"That 's right , " said the official .
EVBCorpus
Grazina Smith
We were there to get a winter coat for her because she was coming home from the hospital , a week after being rushed to the emergency room .
I took out the jacket , holding it up in the light for him to see .
I thought of the woman I 'd known for 30 years .
I knew she was n't the kind of flamboyant type who would own a faux-leopard print jacket .
It seemed to sprawl like an exotic animal .
" I used to see Mom run her fingers over the fur , just like you are " .
" Why did n't you tell me Mom had a leopard jacket ? "
If I 'd been asked to make a list of items my mother-in-law would never want in her life , that jacket would have been near the top .
It made me realize how little I knew about this woman 's hopes and dreams .
She blushed when she saw it , and turned even rosier at the gentle teasing of the staff .
We spent time looking at her photo album , and I finally began to see the young woman there , with the Cupid 's bow mouth .
It appears in shop windows and on the street .
Every time I catch a glimpse of it , I 'm reminded of my mother-in-law 's jacket , and that all of us have a secret self that needs to be encouraged and shared with those we love .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
In this cold and darkness there went along the street a poor little girl , bareheaded , and with naked feet .
So the little maiden walked on with her tiny naked feet , that were quite red and blue from cold .
Nobody had bought anything of her the whole livelong day ; no one had given her a single farthing .
In a corner formed by two houses , of which one advanced more than the other , she seated herself down and cowered together .
She drew one out .
It was a warm , bright flame , like a candle , as she held her hands over it : it was a wonderful light .
She rubbed another against the wall : it burned brightly , and where the light fell on the wall , there the wall became transparent like a veil , so that she could see into the room .
And what was still more capital to behold was , the goose hopped down from the dish , reeled about on the floor with knife and fork in its breast , till it came up to the poor little girl ; when - the match went out and nothing but the thick , cold , damp wall was left behind .
Now there she was sitting under the most magnificent Christmas tree : it was still larger , and more decorated than the one which she had seen through the glass door in the rich merchant 's house .
" Someone is just dead ! " said the little girl ; for her old grandmother , the only person who had loved her , and who was now no more , had told her , that when a star falls , a soul ascends to God .
You go away when the match burns out ; you vanish like the warm stove , like the delicious roast goose , and like the magnificent Christmas tree ! "
The matches gave such a brilliant light that it was brighter than at noon-day : never formerly had the grandmother been so beautiful and so tall .
" She wanted to warm herself , " people said .
The Red Shoes
There was once a little girl who was very pretty and delicate , but in summer she was forced to run about with bare feet , she was so poor , and in winter wear very large wooden shoes , which made her little insteps quite red , and that looked so dangerous !
On the very day her mother was buried , Karen received the red shoes , and wore them for the first time .
I will adopt her ! "
People streamed to the castle , and Karen was there also .
Now Karen was old enough to be confirmed ; she had new clothes and was to have new shoes also .
In the midst of the shoes stood a pair of red ones , just like those the princess had worn .
" They shine so ! "
In the afternoon , the old lady heard from everyone that the shoes had been red , and she said that it was very wrong of Karen , that it was not at all becoming , and that in future Karen should only go in black shoes to church , even when she should be older .
At the church door stood an old soldier with a crutch , and with a wonderfully long beard , and he bowed to the ground , and asked the old lady whether he might dust her shoes .
" Sit firm when you dance " .
And the old lady gave the old soldier alms , and went into the church with Karen .
Karen raised her foot to get in after her , when the old soldier said ,
At length she took the shoes off , and then her legs had peace .
But there was a great ball in the city , to which Karen was invited .
She danced , and was forced to dance straight out into the gloomy wood .
Then she was terrified , and wanted to fling off the red shoes , but they clung fast ; and she pulled down her stockings , but the shoes seemed to have grown to her feet .
He wore long , white garments ; he had wings which reached from his shoulders to the earth ; his countenance was severe and grave ; and in his hand he held a sword , broad and glittering .
Dance shalt thou from door to door , and where proud , vain children dwell , thou shalt knock , that they may hear thee and tremble !
" Mercy ! " cried Karen .
Then she knew that the old lady was dead , and felt that she was abandoned by all , and condemned by the angel of God .
" Come out !
I strike bad people 's heads off ; and I hear that my axe rings ! "
And then she confessed her entire sin , and the executioner struck off her feet with the red shoes , but the shoes danced away with the little feet across the field into the deep wood .
" Now I will go into the church that people may see me ! " And she hastened towards the church door : but when she was near it , the red shoes danced before her , and she was terrified , and turned round .
" Well , now I have suffered and struggled enough !
And away she went boldly ; but she had not got farther than the churchyard gate before she saw the red shoes dancing before her ; and she was frightened , and turned back , and repented of her sin from her heart .
And the clergyman 's wife was sorry for her and took her into service ;
All the children thought a great deal of her ; but when they spoke of dress , and grandeur , and beauty , she shook her head .
The family went to hear the word of God ; but she went alone into her little chamber ; there was only room for a bed and chair to stand in it ; and here she sat down with her Prayer-Book ; and whilst she read with a pious mind , the wind bore the strains of the organ towards her , and she raised her tearful counte nance , and said , " O God , help me ! "
And he touched the walls , and they widened out , and she saw the organ which was playing ; she saw the old pictures of the preachers and the preachers ' wives .
" It was through mercy ! " she said .
Her heart was so full of sunshine , peace , and joy , that it broke .
EVBCorpus
By Esther Bonilla Read
It was made of a shiny silvery metal with an oblong penny-brown metallic piece upon which two hearts were attached in the center .
He had n't thought about it , and during the ceremony , they had borrowed her brother Charlie 's ring .
And my mother , who was also from Mexico , toiled at home , keeping house for her husband and eight youngsters .
Their children had become lawyers , businessmen and teachers .
She was even able to buy some jewelry , which , I was surprised to learn , she really loved .
Then I discovered it : her first ring .
It had been worn so long that the copper had become unattached to the circle .
To me , it was a gem that symbolized the sacrifices my mother had made for us and the values that she lived .
Why did she save this ring when it seemed worthless ?
We never told him he could n't do it
We never told him he could n't do it
The first three years of his life were spent in surgery , casts and braces .
We never told him that he probably would n't be able to run as well as the other children .
He worked harder and ran more than any of the others - perhaps he sensed that the abilities that seemed to come naturally to so many others did not come naturally to him .
We did n't tell him he probably would never make the team , so he did n't know .
I asked him how he felt .
Yet he looked straight ahead and kept running .
Joey was number six on the list .
We never told him he could n't do it ... so he did n't know .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The plastic surgeon , a good fifteen years my senior , was a very attractive man .
" Are you a model ? "
I asked myself , and I searched his handsome face for signs of mockery .
Anyone could see I was homely .
An emergency room doctor stitched together the shreds of skin , pulling cat-gut through the tattered outside of my face and then suturing the shards of flesh inside my mouth .
Above the ungainly bandage sat a big , thick pair of glasses .
The overzealous girl hacked away cheerfully .
A quick conference followed , and we were given a coupon for a free styling on our next visit .
As if I could n't hear the taunts of the other kids at school .
In a culture that values beauty , an ugly girl is an outcast .
Eventually I decided that if I could n't be pretty , I would at least be well-groomed .
And now , I was engaged to be married .
The plastic surgeon crossed his arms over his chest and looked at me appraisingly .
" Then why are you concerned about this scar ?
The eight boys who turned me down when I invited them to the girls-ask-boys dance .
The man whose ring I wore on my left hand .
The room swam before me as my eyes filled with tears .
His knees almost touched mine .
Not a perfect woman , but a beautiful woman .
Elizabeth Taylor has a tiny scar on her forehead " .
He pushed back the stool and stood up .
Don't let anyone touch with your face .
Believe me .
Then he left .
Somehow over the years , that ugly child had become a beautiful woman .
When I changed how I saw myself , others were forced to change how they saw me .
EVBCorpus
Bangkok ( CNN ) - Much of Southeast Asia continued its recovery from heavy rains and extensive flooding Friday , including scores of deaths and extensive damage in Thailand .
The wet weather is not entirely abnormal in the region , which is still in the midst of its wet season .
An official Thai industrial agency urged factories in Ayutthaya province to shut down through October 2011 in order to give it more time to tackle pervasive flooding .
Nation wide , Thai 's Labor ministry reported Friday that 1,215 factories in 33 provinces were underwater - a disaster that affected about 41,000 workers .
Filipinos , meanwhile , are trying to regain their footing after being pummeled by successive typhoons in the span of a week .
Health and government officials were working fervently to prevent more deaths Friday as they provided medical treatment for people from flood-stricken areas .
In addition , five in Bulacan had leptospirosis , a bacterial disease .
That includes Laos , where the top official in Savannakhet province requested " large amounts of government funding " in 12 of 15 districts , money that could be used to repair irrigation systems and develop anti-flood systems , according to the state-run KPL news agency .
"Our embassies in the region are working with local authorities and international organizations to assess how the United States can be of help to countries where the impact of the flooding has been especially devastating , " Clinton said in a statement .
Promises to Keep
By Kris Hamm Rose
But there are days , like today , when I wonder why .
Despite my best efforts , the world of pronouns remains a mystery to them .
I wanted to spend my lunch period thinking of a way to enrich the next day 's lesson , but a child became sick and needed me to gather her assignments while she waited for her mother .
Angry boys needed to be calmed and hurt feelings soothed before we could return to the classroom .
Now , as I drive home , rubbing aching temples , I remember my husband 's words , delivered like a lecture , after other days like this .
" Why do n't you quit ?
I have a stack of papers to grade , which I promised my fifth-graders I would return tomorrow .
But tonight a friend , whom we have n't seen in a year , is visiting from Belgium , and I told her I would keep this evening free .
After school today , we had a faculty meeting .
So many details to remember .
Just when I thought my day was over , a student peeked her head into the classroom to remind me I had promised to help her with a difficult assignment .
Sitting in traffic threaded behind a distant stoplight , it 's hard not to replay the day and revisit the tension .
The last notes of a familiar melody are interrupted by news from the real world .
Crime is up .
Too much real world has invaded my space .
Every morning since she was first reported missing , my children have discussed news reports about her and prayed for her safe return .
A child believing herself to be safe and secure in her own neighborhood .
There were no easy answers to quiet their apprehensions .
They got out their pencils , markers and Crayolas and made cards .
Cards that spoke of faith and the promise of peace .
Their cards , intended to comfort others , comforted the children themselves by leading them pass the anxiety , back into the world of security that should be theirs .
The rules of grammar might not have been learned today , but something bigger and better happened in my classroom .
I remember why I 'm still teaching .
They 're more important than a lifetime filled with quiet evenings and more valuable than a pocket filled with money .
The traffic clears and I move past the stoplight , into the shady streets of my neighborhood .
She 'll understand .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Its trunk is so wide , no one really knows where one side begins or the other one ends .
Most leaves forget this connection and feel separate and alone .
When they see other leaves getting more sunlight than themselves , they feel resentful and envious , forgetting that when the sun shines on any one of them , the warmth and energy strengthens them all .
But from the ground looking up , they can plainly see that all the leaves are growing from the same tree .
When the sun comes out , the leaves bask in its warmth .
And then , slowly , they begin to remember , too .
Love Is Stronger
Love Is Stronger
Every day before school , they met on a park bench with their homework .
Their first kiss occurred when they were 17 , and their romance continued to grow .
" Sorry to disagree with you , Doc , " my father said .
And so it was , to the amazement of everyone who did n't really know this love-matched pair , that Mom passed away at the age of 85 and Dad followed one year later when he was 86 .
My dad 's explanation was simple .
Dad proved it was a heck of a lot stronger than tiny cancer cells .
A goal , a love and a dream give you total control over your body and your life .
Camera megapixels : Why more is n't always better ( Part 1 )
Earlier this week , Samsung announced the Samsung Galaxy S III , the global , quad-core , Android Ice Cream Sandwich successor to its best-selling smartphone ever , the Galaxy S II .
Despite 8-megapixels is pretty standard for a high-end smartphone camera these days , one CNET reader described the Samsung Galaxy S III 's camera as " so last year . "
If 8 is good , then 12 is better .
Of course , that 's not to say that bigger ca n't also be sometimes better .
Sensor
Light enters through the camera lens , then passes to the camera sensor , which receives the information and translates it into an electronic signal .
The experts I spoke to for this story had colorful ways of describing the relationship between pixels and sensors , but " buckets of water " or " wells " were a favorite intentionally oversimplified analogy .
To extend the water-and-bucket analogy , the larger the sensor ( blacktop ) you have , the larger the pixels ( buckets ) you can put onto it , and the more light ( water ) you can collect .
The fallacy of megapixels
Erensen similarly used the water analogy , this time swapping " buckets " for " wells . "
The relationship between the number of pixels and the physical size of the sensor is why some 5-megapixel cameras can outperform some 8-megapixel cameras , and why we may not see , or want , a 12-megapixel camera on a smartphone .
EVBCorpus
Occupy Wall Street protesters are planning a new demonstration in response to being told to move from Zuccotti Park in Manhattan , New York .
Protest organisers sent an email to supporters on Thursday asking them to join the protesters at 06:00 EDT ( 10:00 GMT ) to " defend the occupation from eviction " .
They include a prohibition on lying down on the ground or on benches , using sleeping bags or tarps , or the storage of personal property .
" No gear "
We 're self-sufficient . "
As the number of protesters sleeping in the park has grown , the occupation has shown signs of permanence .
Earlier this week , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg has said protesters would not be evicted from the park unless they broke the law .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
It just could not be done .
It had never been done before .
He thought about it all the time and he knew deep in his heart that it could be done .
With great excitement and inspiration , and the headiness of a wild challenge before them , they hired their crew and began to build their dream bridge .
" Crazy men and their crazy dreams . "
He still had a burning desire to complete the bridge and his mind was still as sharp as ever .
Suddenly an idea hit him .
Then he used the same method of tapping her arm to tell the engineers what to do .
It is also a tribute to the engineers and their team work , and to their faith in a man who was considered mad by half the world .
The Brooklyn Bridge shows us that dreams that seem impossible can be realised with determination and persistence , no matter what the odds are .
Losing your ass
The boy rode on the donkey and the old man walked .
They decided they both would walk !
The boy and man said they were probably right so they decided to carry the donkey .
Two Wolves
It is anger , envy , sorrow , regret , greed , arrogance , self-pity , guilt , resentment , inferiority , lies , false pride , superiority , and ego .
The old man simply replied , " The one you feed . "
EVBCorpus
Touching life story
For many months he had admired a beautiful sports car in a dealer 's showroom , and knowing his father could well afford it , he told him that was all he wanted
Finally , in the morning of his graduation his father called him into his private study .
Angrily , he raised his voice at his father and said , " With all your money you give me a Bible ? " and stormed out of the house , leaving the holy book .
He had a beautiful home and wonderful family , but realized his father was very old , and thought perhaps he should go to him .
When he arrived at his father 's house , sudden sadness and regret filled his heart .
As he read those words , a car key dropped from an envelope taped behind the Bible .
4 . Stocks : Waiting on the Fed
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney ) - A fairly quiet week is on tap for U.S. stocks , as investors await possible news out of the U.S. Federal Reserve .
" It 's going to slow to a trickle the next two weeks , " said Uri Landesman , president of Platinum Partners .
Even as fewer shares change hands , the U.S. central bank will once again take center stage when it releases minutes from its July meeting on Tuesday .
Investors will be looking at several data points for signs of how the U.S. economy is faring .
Customs agents in Los Angeles seized 20, 457 pairs of fake Christian Louboutinshoes shipped from China , U.S. officials said Thursday .
Five shipments were seized at the Los Angeles , Long Beach seaport on July 27 and August 14 , the CPB release said .
Oil production in Iraq surpassed that of its regional rival Iran last month , highlighting the impact of continued investment in Iraq and Western sanctions on Iran .
Oil production in the country has been slowly but steadily climbing since the end of the war as the Iraqi government and partners such as Exxon Mobil , BP , Chevron and Total work to repair existing fields and hunt for new sources .
Iraq has lofty plans to one day produce 11 million barrels a day - nearly equal to Russia 's current output and a million barrels a day more than Saudi Arabia 's production .
Realistically , analysts say , in the next ten years Iraq is more likely to increase production to 6 or 7 million barrels a day .
" We do n't see Iraqi production increasing at a fast rate anytime before 2014 " .
The US economy added an extra 163,000 jobs in July , according to official figures , beating analysts ' forecasts .
The US Department of Labor also said 6,000 fewer jobs were created in May and June than first estimated .
The total number of unemployed people was 12.8 million last month , unchanged from June .
There were also signs that Americans were optimistic about finding a job .
Last week , official data showed the US economy grew at an annual rate of 1.5 % in the second three months of the year , that was slower than the 2 % pace at the start of 2012 .
6 . China slowdown bigger worry than eurozone ?
" It is quite disturbing that China and India have slowed down so much , obviously there 's this huge debate going on about China 's slowdown , " Jim O'Neill , chairman of asset management for Goldman Sachs , told Richard Quest when he argued the slowdown in developing behemoths like China and the rest of the BRIC bloc is more worrisome than the eurozone crisis .
They 're continuing to grow and they 're growing at a pretty fast pace . "
Will its economy touch down gently , or is it likely to trampoline - with help from Beijing - like it did in the wake of the 2008-2009 financial crisis ?
Just seven months later , he was promoted to Global Chief Marketing Officer , then a new role at GM .
Before joining GM , Ewanick was Nissan 's U.S. marketing chief .
8 . Rural sales push glut of goods
The event was organised by the Ministry of Industry and Trade in Ha Noi on Wednesday .
The total value of sales promotions hit over VND13 trillion ( $ 619 million ) .
However , at present , according to the FTA Market Research Co , 71 per cent of local consumers believed Made-in-Viet Nam goods were high quality commodities .
Expansion of the distribution system required professional strategies and large investment capital , while small and medium-sized enterprises had limited capital and resources , said experts .
So the main goal of the campaign in the future is to stimulate consumption in a bid to resolve inventories and help enterprises .
" To do this , companies should build stores and trade centres instead of just bringing the commodities to rural areas for a few days and then leaving , " she said .
Besides the efforts of ministries and departments , enterprises had to quickly innovate management , improve quality and reduce production costs , as well as build and develop local distribution systems and maximise consumer satisfaction , said Deputy Minister of Industry and Trade Ho Thi Kim Thoa .
9 . JPMorgan Chase raises its recent trading loss to $ 5.8bn .
The US bank said the executives responsible had been dismissed without severance pay and the bank would be clawing back two years of their pay .
The bank 's shares ended Friday trading 5.8 % higher on the news .
Meanwhile , the Ohio state attorney general filed a request on Friday to lead a class action lawsuit against JPMorgan currently being brought by US pension funds who own the bank 's shares , claiming they were given " false and misleading informatio n " about the riskiness of the bank 's trading activity .
However , in its latest financial results , the bank said that it had recorded a $ 4.4 bn loss in the second quarter of the year due to the trading position , on top of a $ 1.4bn loss in the first three months of the year .
It also said that it expected another $ 700m to $ 1.7bn of losses from the derivatives trading , bring losses to a potential total of $ 7.5bn .
The executive in charge of the closed division , Ina Drew , left the bank in May , days after the losses were announced .
Before Friday 's gains , JPMorgan had lost about 15 % of its market value since the losses were first announced .
Responding to questions from analysts following the release of results , Mr Dimon said : " I think it 's silly for anyone in the business world to think you 're not going to make mistakes . "
In its annual rankings released Tuesday , Fortune magazine lists 73 companies in China , second only to the United State 's 132 .
Japan is in third place with 68 companies in the top 500 .
However , as the BBC reports , China has cut retail fuel prices by about 5 % this week , which could affect the company going forward .
Other Chinese companies in the top ten include China National Petroleum and state-owned power company State Grid .
The rankings reflect a shifting global landscape as the number of companies from the U.S. and Europe fell this year .
EVBCorpus
Pancreatic cancer
Pancreatic cancer in the limelight
Pancreatic cancer has gained attention from the diagnoses of several prominent figures , including Apple co-founder Steve Jobs , who was diagnosed in 2003 and died Oct. 5 , 2011 .
The lifetime risk of pancreatic cancer is about 1 in 71 .
It has two major jobs in the body : to make digestive juices ( enzymes ) that help the intestines break down food , and to produce hormones - including insulin - that regulate the body 's use of sugars and starches .
But as the cancer grows and spreads , pain often develops in the upper abdomen and sometimes spreads to the back .
Although the exact cause of pancreatic cancer is not known , smoking is the main risk factor , with smokers 2-3 times more likely to have the disease than nonsmokers .
And family history of pancreatic cancer , high fat diet , obesity , and lack of exercise can also play a part .
Diagnosing pancreatic cancer
A doctor cannot see or feel a tumor during a routine exam .
Treatment : Surgery
Since side effects depend on the extent of the surgery , the tumor is removed leaving as much of the normal pancreas intact as possible .
The surgery would involve procedures to help lessen some of the symptoms and prevent certain problems related to the size of the cancerous mass .
Radiation is usually given five days a week for several weeks or months .
Radiation is also being studied as a way to kill cancer cells that remain in the area after surgery .
Treatment may consist of just one drug or a combination of drugs .
It may be given by mouth or by injection .
The drugs enter the bloodstream and travel through the body , making chemotherapy a good choice for cancer that has spread .
Targeted therapies appear to have fewer side effects than chemotherapy and are less harmful to normal cells .
Also called biological therapy , immunotherapy aims to boost a person 's immune system to fight disease .
The goal of palliative care is to improve quality of life not just in the body , but in the mind and spirit .
* Pancreatic cancer action network : 877-272-6226
* If you smoke , quit now .
* Adopt a regular exercise routine , since exercise has been shown to lower the risk of pancreatic cancer .
Keeping Your Axe Sharp
His boss gave him an axe and showed him the area where he was supposed to work .
" Congratulations , " the boss said .
Very motivated by the boss ' words , the woodcutter tried harder the next day , but could bring 15 trees only .
He went to the boss and apologized , saying that he could not understand what was going on .
I have been very busy trying to cut trees ... "
Swedish poet Transtroemer wins Nobel Literature Prize
Swedish poet Tomas Transtroemer has been awarded the 2011 Nobel Prize for Literature .
The Royal Swedish Academy named him the recipient " because , through his condensed , translucent images , he gives us fresh access to reality " .
" Mystical "
" You don't feel quite the same after you 've read it as you did before , " he added .
Tipped as a potential Nobel prize winner for many years , Transtroemer is the eighth European to win the Nobel Prize for Literature in the last 10 years .
Born in April 1931 in Stockholm , Transtroemer graduated in psychology in 1956 and later worked in an institution for juvenile offenders .
In 1966 he received the Bellman prize , one of many accolades he has won over his long career .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The students answered .
" I really do n't know unless I weigh it , " said the professor , " but , my question is : What would happen if I held it up like this for a few minutes ? " Nothing " the students said .
All the students laughed .
Instead , what should I do ?
" Life 's problems are something like this .
You will not be able to do anything . "
That way , you are not stressed , you wake up every day fresh , strong , can handle any issue , any challenge that comes your way !
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Botanical evidence indicates that India and China were among the first countries to cultivate tea .
Hundreds of millions of people drink tea around the world , and studies suggest that green tea ( Camellia sinesis ) in particular has many health benefits .
Antioxidants are substances that scavenge free radicals - damaging compounds in the body that alter cells , tamper with DNA ( genetic material ) , and even cause cell death .
Green tea has been consumed throughout the ages in India , China , Japan , and Thailand .
Green tea has been extensively studied in people , animals , and laboratory experiments .
( Population-based studies means studies that follow large groups of people over time or studies that are comparing groups of people living in different cultures or with different dietary habits . )
Studies show that black tea has similar beneficial effects .
High cholesterol
In another small study of male smokers , researchers found that green tea significantly reduced blood levels of harmful LDL cholesterol .
However , it is not possible to determine from these population-based studies whether green tea actually prevents cancer in people .
Only a few clinical studies have examined the relationship between bladder cancer and tea consumption .
Clinical studies in animals and test tubes suggest that polyphenols in green tea inhibit the growth of breast cancer cells .
In terms of breast cancer prevention , the studies are inconclusive .
Ovarian cancer .
Colorectal cancer .
There was no effect in men , however .
Studies in laboratory animals have found that green tea polyphenols inhibit the growth of esophageal cancer cells .
In fact , the stronger and hotter the tea , the greater the risk .
Lung cancer .
One population-based clinical study found that Okinawan tea ( similar to green tea but partially fermented ) was associated with decreased lung cancer risk , particularly among women .
As with colon and esophageal cancers , further clinical studies are needed before researchers can draw any conclusions about green tea and lung cancer .
Men who drank tea were 37% less likely to develop pancreatic cancer .
Laboratory studies have found that green tea extracts prevent the growth of prostate cancer cells in test tubes .
Skin cancer .
Stomach cancer .
Some clinicial studies even suggest that green tea may increase the risk of stomach cancer .
Inflammatory Bowel Disease ( IBD )
Green tea has been used traditionally to control blood sugar in the body .
A few small clinical studies have found that daily supplementation of the diet with green tea extract powder lowered the hemoglobin A1c level in individuals with borderline diabetes .
Animal studies have shown that green tea helps protect against the development of liver tumors in mice .
Weight loss
Other uses
Research indicates that green tea may benefit arthritis by reducing inflammation and slowing cartilage breakdown .
Green , black , and oolong tea are all derived from the leaves of the Camellia sinensis plant .
Green tea is prepared from unfermented leaves , the leaves of oolong tea are partially fermented , and black tea is fully fermented .
The healthful properties of green tea are largely attributed to polyphenols , chemicals with potent antioxidant properties .
Green tea contains six primary catechin compounds : catechin , gallaogatechin , epicatechin , epigallocatechin , epicatechin gallate , and apigallocatechin gallate ( also known as EGCG ) .
L-theanine , an amino acid compound found in green tea , has been studied for its calming effects on the nervous system .
Adult
The use of herbs is a time-honored approach to strengthening the body and treating disease .
Pregnant and breastfeeding women should also avoid green tea .
If your symptoms are severe , lower your caffeine intake and see your health care provider .
Antibiotics , Beta-lactam - Green tea may increase the effectiveness of beta-lactam antibiotics by reducing bacterial resistance to treatment .
Since green tea contains vitamin K , it can make warfarin ine ffective .
Chemotherapy -- The combination of green tea and chemotherapy medications , specifically doxorubicin and tamoxifen , increased the effectiveness of these medications in laboratory tests .
Clozapine - The antipsychotic effects of the medication clozapine may be reduced if taken fewer than 40 minutes after drinking green tea .
Oral Contraceptives -- Oral contraceptives can prolong the amount of time caffeine stays in the body and may increase its stimulating effects .
The Touchstone
The Touchstone
It was a thin strip of vellum on which was written the secret of the " Touchstone " !
So the man sold his few belongings , bought some simple supplies , camped on the seashore , and began testing pebbles .
So , when he felt one that was cold , he threw it into the sea .
Cold - throw it into the sea .
One day , however , about midafternoon , he picked up a pebble and it was warm .
Unless we are vigilant , it 's easy to fail to recognize an opportunity when it is in hand and it 's just as easy to throw it away .
Is There A Dragonfly On Your Shoulder ?
But one day , in a car accident , the girl got hurt very seriously .
In the daytime , the boy was calling his sweetheart who was unconscious all the time at her bedside ; at night , he ran to the church in the small town and prayed to God .
Finally one day , God was moved by him .
The boy answered without any hesitation :
" I could let her come to life as soon as possible , but you have to become a dragonfly for three years , will you ? "
At dawn , the boy became a beautiful dragonfly .
A few days later , the girl recovered and went out of the hospital .
She sought him every day .
The dragonfly had to leave .
He wanted to fondle her face with his wings and kiss her forehead with his small mouth , but he was too small for her to notice .
But he saw a tall and handsome young man standing beside her this time .
The dragonfly was very sad .
The dragonfly flew around with his broken heart every day .
She was cuddled by the doctor , and her face was kissed by him .
The dragonfly flew to the church quietly , and settled on the shoulder of God .
He saw the doctor putting the ring on the finger of his sweetheart , and them kissing sweetly .
The dragonfly shook his head and said : " No , thanks .
To love someone is not to own her , but if you have her , you should cherish her forever ...
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Scientists have taken another big step toward identifying the genetic flaws which may cause autism , a type of neurological development disorder .
Researchers have known that certain genetic defects are associated with autism .
In particular , there is a cluster of 27 genes on chromosome 16 .
Then , they observed the mice .
Mills said they also studied the brains of the laboratory mice .
Interestingly , one of these regions of the brain is the hypothalamus , " Mills says .
" There are a number of different genetic changes that have been found ( to be ) associated with autism .
The research paper by Alea Mills and colleagues is published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
All claimed that they were the best , the most important , useful , favorite .
I was chosen for grass , trees and leaves .
" You only think about the earth , but consider the sky and the sea .
The sky gives space and peace and serenity .
" You are all so serious .
Without me there would be no fun . "
I carry the most important vitamins .
" I am the ruler of all of you .
I bring fire into the blood .
He was very tall and spoke with great pomp : " I am the color of royalty and power .
Finally Indigo spoke , much more quietly than all the others , but with just as much determination :
I am the color of silence .
And so the colors went on boasting , each convinced of his or her own superiority .
The colors crouched down in fear , drawing close to one another for comfort .
" You foolish colors , fighting amongst yourselves , each trying to dominate the rest .
Doing as they were told .
From now on , when it rains , each of you will stretch across the sky in a great bow of color as a reminder that you can all live in peace .
Gifts for mother
Three sons left home , went out on their own and prospered .
The second son said :
Now she can't see very well .
Soon thereafter , their mother sent out her letters of thanks .
I stay most of the time at home so I rarely use the Mercedes .
EVBCorpus
Once upon a time down on an old farm , lived a duck family , and Mother Duck had been sitting on a clutch of new eggs .
How did it get there ?
" Did I count the eggs wrongly ? "
The ducklings grew quickly , but Mother Duck had a secret worry .
As the days went by , the poor ugly duckling became more and more unhappy .
" Why are you so different from the others ? "
"Nobody loves me , they all tease me !
Then one day , at sunrise , he ran away from the farmyard .
" We don't know anyone as ugly as you . "
" Don't stay here !
The duckling was sorry he had ever left the farmyard .
I hope it 's a female and lays plenty of eggs ! " said the old woman , whose eyesight was poor .
" Just wait !
I hope the woman cooks you , then I can gnaw at your bones ! "
" I 'll die of fright first ! And I did so hope someone would love me ! "
" If nobody wants me , I 'll hid here forever . "
" I 'll take him home to my children .
The duckling was showered with kindly care at the farmer 's house .
That was when the duckling saw himself mirrored in the water .
I hardly recognize myself ! "
" they said , warmly .
Now , he swam majestically with his fellow swans .
And he almost burst with happiness .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
A long time ago , there were a king and queen who said every day , " Ah , if only we had a child , " but they never had one .
There were thirteen of them in his kingdom , but , as he had only twelve golden plates for them to eat out of .
She wished to avenge herself for not having been invited , and without greeting , or even looking at anyone , she cried with a loud voice , " The king 's daughter shall in her fifteenth year prick herself with a spindle , and fall down dead . "
It shall not be death , but a deep sleep of a hundred years .
So she went round into all sorts of places , looked into rooms and bed-chambers just as she liked , and at last came to an old tower .
" I am spinning , " said the old woman , and nodded her head .
And , in the very moment when she felt the prick , she fell down upon the bed that stood there , and lay in a deep sleep .
And the wind fell , and on the trees before the castle not a leaf moved again .
After long , long years , a king 's son came again to that country , and heard an old man talking about the thorn hedge , and that a castle was said to stand behind it in which a wonderfully beautiful princess , named Briar Rose , had been asleep for a hundred years , and that the king and queen and the whole court were asleep likewise .
Then the youth said , " I am not afraid , I will go and see the beautiful Briar Rose . "
In the castle yard he saw the horses and the spotted hounds lying asleep , on the roof sat the pigeons with their heads under their wings .
He saw the whole of the court lying asleep , and up by the throne lay the king and queen .
There she lay , so beautiful that he could not turn his eyes away , and he stooped down and gave her a kiss .
And then the marriage of the king 's son with Briar Rose was celebrated with all splendor , and they lived contented to the end of their days .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
On May 28 of this year , at approximately four thirty p.m. , Officer Shawn Bennington was summoned to 1865 Meadowlawn in response to a 911 emergency .
A neighbor at 1863 Meadowlawn reported hearing a " loud popping noise " at approximately 3:00 p.m.
The handgun used was a twenty-five-caliber Smith and Wesson , registered to the victim .
Signs of depression were recently noted by the victim 's sister , who suggested that the victim seemed tense and edgy in last few days , and had complained of feeling tired .
Chapter 1
You 'd think that by my profession alone - professional psychic - I 'd be a ringer for Nutty Coconut , but the reality is that I 'm far more like vanilla-consistent , a little bland , missing some hot fudge .
I 'm single with no immediate prospects , I rarely go out ( hence the no immediate prospects ) , I pay all my bills on time , I have very few vices and only two close friends .
Vanilla .
Take the Tooty-Fruity sitting in front of me for example .
" Okay , I 'm getting the feeling that there 's a triangle here ... like there 's someone else moving in on your marriage , " I said .
" And they 're telling me that you think this is true love… "
she asked , looking around nervously .
" They " are my crew , or rather , my spirit guides .
I believe that they talk to your spirit guides and it all gets communicated back to me . "
" Really ?
she whispered , still looking around bug-eyed .
So , as I was saying , we were talking about this love triangle , right ? "
They 're giving me the feeling that this other guy is saying all the right things , that he may say he 's interested in you and that he wants to be with you but he 's not telling you the whole story . "
" Yes . "
" And your husband , he 's the guy with dark brown hair and a beard or facial hair , right ? "
Sharon sucked in a breath of surprise and replied , " Yes , he 's got a goatee . "
"He 's a computer engineer … "
You won't be able to fix it once it 's out in the open .
They 're saying there is already a woman , I think she 's older than you , with red hair , who 's very nosy .
My neighbor , Mrs. O'Connor , has red hair , and she would tell my husband ! "
" Yes , but … " she squeaked .
You won't really know what you 've lost until it 's gone . "
I stood and said gently but firmly ,
She thanked me for my time and was asking when she could come back when I said ,
She 's a psychotherapist with an office over on Eleven Mile .
You shouldn't get hooked on readers ; remember that all of the answers are inside you .
You have the gift of free will , and it 's a powerful force .
Ten years ? "
I smiled and spread my hands in an " aha " gesture .
Typically , when asked what I do for a living I tack on a softer word , like " psychic intuitive " to lend a smidgen of legitimacy .
The truth is , I 'm a chickenshit .
For instance , there are plenty of people out there who will engage me in casual conversation and might even find me amusing until they discover what I do for a living…and then they recede like a tide from the beach and I 'm left in the sand feeling like I 've got a big red X on my forehead .
I was just about to close the door after Sharon when one of my regulars , Candice Fusco , came walking down the corridor , carrying a large manila envelope .
I 'm on time , right ? "
I was just seeing my last client out . "
She was an elegant woman , with a fondness for expensive suits .
Her femininity usually makes me a little self-conscious , but within a minute or two I 'm over it , eased , I think , by her genuine nature .
" Would you like to sit here or in my reading room ?"
" So how 's Kalamazoo these days ? "
I asked , gesturing toward the two chairs in the office waiting room for us to sit in .
she said taking a seat ,
How long did it take you today ? "
I 've done it in an hour and thirty-five before .
" Yeah , not a good idea to ignore a warning like that when it comes up . "
" Yes , these are the three employees we 've narrowed it down to , " Candice said , extending the envelope toward me .
A large company that handled mutual funds had discovered several thousand dollars missing from its clients " portfolios .
" There 's something going on between them .
There 's something more sinister here .
" Okay , this is your guy .
I 'd start by snooping around on it and seeing what you turn up . "
I looked at the third photo , an older woman roughly in her late fifties to early sixties , with washed-out gray hair , a prominent nose and muddy eyes .
" I get the feeling this woman has no clue about what 's going on , that she 's being used as a pawn or something .
" That makes a lot of sense , " Candice said .
It really feels to me like she 's being set up .
" Thanks , Abby .
" No sweat , Candice .
Does anything get by you ?
" Thanks .
" Anytime , " I said , standing up as she handed me a check and we walked to the door .
She had to be kidding , " No way ! "
You 've helped me find all sorts of clues to white collar crimes .
" Abby ? " she asked alarmed , " Abby , are you okay ? "
Trying to reassure her , I said , " Listen , you drive safe back home , okay ?
" Sounds great .
It had been a long morning .
With the cancellation I had a two-hour break for lunch and whatever .
One of the hazards of my job is that air pressure and temperature often change when I 'm in session with a client .
I 'd learned over the past few years to ignore most of it , but in the middle of July it was typically more of a struggle .
I was always the last kid off the monkey bars when recess ended .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Once upon a time , long , long ago a king and queen ruled over a distant land .
A bird flew by the window startling the queen and she pricked her finger .
They named the baby princess Snow White , but sadly , the queen died after giving birth to Snow White .
This pleased the queen greatly as she knew that her magical mirror could speak nothing but the truth .
" Mirror , mirror on the wall , who 's the fairest of them all ?
She demanded that the huntsman return with Snow White 's heart as proof .
The trees seemed to whisper to each other , scaring Snow White who began to run .
There was a little table with a tidy , white tablecloth and seven little plates .
After dark , the owners of the house returned home .
The first one said , " Who has been sitting in my chair ? "
The fifth one , " Who has been eating with my fork ? "
They fetched their seven candles and shone the light on Snow White .
They cried .
They were so happy that they did not wake her up , but let her continue to sleep in the bed .
" My name is Snow White , " she answered .
The dwarves spoke with each other for awhile and then said , " If you will keep house for us , and cook , make beds , wash , sew , and knit , and keep everything clean and orderly , then you can stay with us , and you shall have everything that you want . "
" Yes , " said Snow White , " with all my heart . "
During the day the girl was alone , except for the small animals of the forest that she often played with .
Who in this land is fairest of all ?
With the seven dwarves ,
At last she thought of something .
Coloring her face , she disguised herself as an old peddler woman , so that no one would recognize her , traveled to the dwarves house and knocked on the door .
Here , I 'll give you one of them . "
" Look , I 'll cut the apple in two .
She barely had a bite in her mouth when she fell to the ground dead .
Mirror , on the wall ,
Then her cruel and jealous heart was at rest , as well as a cruel and jealous heart can be at rest .
They lifted her up and looked at her longingly .
They laid her on a bed of straw , and all seven sat next to her and mourned for her and cried for three days .
They said , " We cannot bury her in the black earth , " and they had a transparent glass coffin made , so she could be seen from all sides .
Then they put the coffin outside on a mountain , and one of them always stayed with it and watched over her .
He saw the coffin on the mountain with beautiful Snow White in it , and he read what was written on it with golden letters .
Then he said , " Then give it to me , for I cannot live without being able to see Snow White .
But then it happened that one of them stumbled on some brush , and this dislodged from Snow White 's throat the piece of poisoned apple that she had bitten off .
" Good heavens , where am I ? " she cried out .
You shall become my wife . "
Snow White 's wicked step-mother was invited to the feast , and when she had arrayed herself in her most beautiful garments , she stood before her mirror , and said :
The mirror answered :
The evil queen was banished from the land forever and the prince and Snow White lived happily ever after .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
It was a month before All Hallows Eve .
It was the late 60's .
This was to set the stage for the events to follow .
Tom had an aneurism that was lodged in his head .
Tom was found in his apartment .
A couple of times after his death Billie heard her fathers voice calling her name .
Annie our other roommate was a Boston girl .
She was frightened and was going to wake us up but didn't .
We were all asleep .
It still was there .
She went peacefully back to sleep .
Why was the figure at the end of MY bed ?
Forgive the pun !
I learned later that when you awaken and when you are falling asleep there is an opening to the other dimension - a time when it is easier to communicate with Spirit .
I was bathed in white phosphorus light .
I finally came out of it and was fully awake .
I looked at the clock it was 3:33 AM .
Billie 's father came to show his love to her .
He helped us all to see that the Spirit lives on and can return to those we love .
EVBCorpus
They owned a plantation and had a lot of servants working for them who they treated very badly .
Gene 's full name was Robert Eugene Otto .
Gene began to blame Robert for mishaps that would occur .
" Robert Did It " .... The doll was eventually put up into the attic .
But Robert had other plans .
Guests no longer wanted to visit the Otto home .
Gene Otto died in 1972 .
The 10 year old daughter of the new owners .
The little girl claiming that the doll tortured her , and made her life a hell .
The Flying Dutchman
The Flying Dutchman
The captain , VanderDecken , failed to notice the dark clouds looming and only when he heard the lookout scream out in terror did he realise that they had sailed straight into a fierce storm .
He was not ready to die and screamed out a curse : " I WILL round this Cape even if I have to keep sailing until the end of time ! "
On 11 July 1881 , the Royal Navy ship , the Bacchante , was rounding the tip of Africa when they were confronted with the sight of The Flying Dutchman .
" A strange red light as of a phantom ship all aglow , in the midst of which light the mast , spars and sails of a brig 200 yards distant stood out in strong relief . "
The Flying Dutchman appeared as the ghost ship in the movie Pirates of the Caribbean .
The curse of Amen-Ra
The Princess of Amen-Ra lived some 1,500 years before Christ .
The man who won paid several thousand pounds and had the coffin taken to his hotel .
He never returned .
The third man in the foursome found on his return home that the bank holding his entire savings had failed .
Nevertheless , the coffin reached England ( causing other misfortunes along the way ) , where it was bought by a Londonbusinessman .
The other , apparently in perfect health , died unaccountably two days later .
The Museum 's night watchmen frequently heard frantic hammering and sobbing from the coffin .
One watchman died on duty ; making the other watchmen wanting to quit .
When a visitor derisively flicked a dust cloth at the face painted on the coffin , his child died of measles soon afterwards .
A journalist photographer took a picture of the mummy case and when he developed it , the painting on the coffin was of a horrifying , human face .
The photographer was said to have gone home then , locked his bedroom door and shot himself .
Upon entry , she was seized with a shivering fit and searched the house for the source of an evil influence of incredible intensity ;
" There is no such thing as exorcism .
She replied .
On the night of April 14 , amid scenes of unprecedented horror , the Princess of Amen-Ra accompanied 1,500 passengers to their deaths at the bottom of the Atlantic .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Yet sometimes problems arise that require a newborn to be hospitalized .
About the NICU
Sometimes the NICU is also called :
Babies may be sent to the NICU if :
* they show signs of a problem in the first few days of life
Here 's a brief look at those conditions , what causes them , how they 're diagnosed , how they 're treated , and how long infants usually stay in the unit after they 've been diagnosed .
One of the more common blood disorders , anemia is a low number of red blood cells in the blood .
* have a high heart rate
What causes anemia ?
In the first few weeks of life , infants do n't make many new red blood cells .
And the frequent blood samples that must be taken for laboratory testing make it difficult for red blood cells to replenish .
How is anemia diagnosed ?
Doctors also try to treat the underlying cause of the anemia .
Apnea
* the baby stops breathing
Apnea is usually caused by immaturity in the area of the brain that controls the drive to breathe ( the brain does n't " remember " to take a breath ) , although illness can also be responsible .
How is apnea diagnosed ?
How is apnea treated ?
This can mean rubbing the infant 's back or tapping the feet .
Babies remain in the NICU until they 've been apnea-free for 24 to 48 hours .
Bradycardia
Bradycardia often arises from other problems like low oxygen levels in the blood or apnea .
Bradycardia is treated by dealing with the underlying cause , such as apnea .
How long will my baby be in the NICU ?
Babies who still need oxygen at 4 weeks before their original due date are considered to have bronchopulmonary dysplasia - one of the most common chronic lung diseases in infants in the United States .
The combination of the premature baby 's immature lungs and the treatments ( including machines and oxygen ) to help the little one breathe is thought to cause damage ( or scarring ) to the lungs .
How is BPD diagnosed ?
Chest X-rays can also help determine the extent of the lung damage .
Bronchopulmonary dysplasia is sometimes treated with steroids to decrease the amount of scarring .
Babies with the disease also sometimes need ventilators ( breathing machines ) at home to help them breathe .
Bronchopulmonary dysplasia is a serious condition that calls for longer stays in the NICU , sometimes up to several months .
Hydrocephalus means " water on the brain . "
The buildup can create pressure that can damage the brain .
Doctors suspect hydrocephalus if a baby has a particularly large head or if head size increases rapidly .
A computed tomography ( or CT scan - a type of X-ray ) can confirm this suspicion .
How long will my baby be in the NICU ?
What is IVH ?
Other symptoms could include :
* bradycardia
How is IVH diagnosed ?
Once diagnosed , the problem is closely monitored with frequent ultrasounds .
Infants with serious IVH may spend several weeks to months in the NICU and be at risk for conditions like cerebral palsy or seizures later in life .
Jaundice is a high level of bilirubin in the blood ( bilirubin is a byproduct of the natural breakdown of blood cells , and the liver usually " recycles " it back into the body ) .
Babies with jaundice are sometimes more sleepy than usual and , in severe cases , may be lethargic .
How is Jaundice treated ?
Some cases may also require a blood transfusion .
Babies with this condition stay in the NICU until their bilirubin level drops , usually in about 2 to 3 days .
What is NEC ?
It 's thought that a number of factors can contribute to the development of NEC , which is the necrosis , or death , of parts of the intestine .
* have a tense abdomen
* exhibit signs of apnea
If there 's no sign of a rupture in the intestines , doctors treat necrotizing enterocolitis by :
* draining the baby 's stomach
Recovering from NEC can take a long time .
The ductus arteriosus ( PDA ) is a blood vessel in the heart that connects the aorta ( which provides blood to the rest of the body ) to the pulmonary artery ( which sends blood to the lung ) .
But in some babies , most often premature ones , it remains open , or patent .
Those breathing problems are one clue that a baby has PDA.
But if that does n't work , or if the baby is too sick to take the medicine , the infant will need surgery to close arteriosus .
Although recovery time varies from child to child , many babies bounce back from PDA treatment in several days .
What is PVL ?
This area of the brain is called white matter , in contrast to the grey matter that makes up the rest of the brain .
PVL is thought to be caused by severe intraventricular hemorrhaging ( bleeding in the brain ) .
As the infant gets a little older , he or she may show signs of developmental delays .
Babies with this condition may be in the NICU for several weeks or months .
Although there are many causes of breathing difficulties in premature babies , the most common is called respiratory distress syndrome ( RDS ) .
Surfactant allows the inner surface of the lungs to expand properly when the infant makes the change from the womb to breathing air after birth .
Doctors suspect respiratory distress syndrome in any premature baby or in full-term infants who are breathing particularly hard and fast or require extra oxygen .
How is RDS treated ?
Although most premature babies who lack surfactant will require a breathing machine , or ventilator , the use of artificial surfactant has greatly decreased the amount of time they spend on the ventilator .
Retinopathy of prematurity ( ROP )
The eyes of premature infants are especially vulnerable to injury after birth .
The cause of ROP in premature infants is unknown .
How is ROP treated ?
How long will my baby be in the NICU ?
Sepsis
* be lethargic
* have a low or high temperature
* just not look right
* during labor and delivery from the mother
How is sepsis diagnosed ?
A blood culture - sometimes along with a urine test or spinal tap - is used to diagnose the illness .
If those results are positive for sepsis , the baby receives antibiotics for 7 to 14 more days while being closely monitored .
Cases of sepsis are often severe ( the infection can lead to meningitis , organ damage , and occasionally , death ) and require a fairly long NICU stay , sometimes several weeks .
Until about 4 hours after the delivery , this can actually be normal .
Blood tests and X-rays can help diagnose the underlying condition .
The lung condition usually subsides within a few days with treatment .
Other complications
So NICU babies must be kept warm in warmers or isolettes .
Eating is the most energy-consuming process for a newborn , and babies in the NICU often do n't have the strength or energy to feed on their own .
A related condition is reflux .
The acid irritates the esophagus , which can lead to feeding problems .
Their skin and mucous membranes - the body 's primary lines of defense against bacteria and viruses - are n't well developed enough to provide adequate protection .
If your baby is admitted to the NICU , you 'll want to find out as much about his or her care as possible .
* What will be involved in my baby 's treatment ?
You may also want to talk to the nurses to find out more about your baby 's daily care and what to expect when you spend time with your little one .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
There are several theories as to how Apple could build a larger-screen iPhone , including scaling up the screen and dropping the pixel density a bit ; changing the aspect ratio , increasing the screen height and keeping the pixel density the same ; increasing the width and height ; or going bigger than 4 inches and using a standard 16:9 resolution .
But he does n't believe Apple would mess with either the aspect ratio or the pixel density .
We found that maybe 50 percent of iOS development is in layout , " he said in an interview on Friday .
If they do , they must have a really good reason to do it , and we 're confident they 'll provide tools to make it easy to mig rate .
Localmind 's lead iOS developer , Nelson Gauthier said , " Apple often changes the requirements for iOS applications , but they usually give developers fair warning and decent tools to accommodate new devices .
It could mean the display has a higher resolution while retaining the same aspect ratio .
Bars and controls could stay the same size while content areas expand to fill the additional screen real estate .
Last year at WWDC ( Worldwide Developers Conference ) , they revealed a component for Mac OS X called Cocoa Auto-Layout that allows developers to define layouts .
A safe and Spooktacular Halloween
From the candy to the costumes , Halloween is a fun-filled time for kids and parents alike .
* Choose a light-colored costume or add glow-in-the-dark tape to the front and back of the costume so your kids can be easily seen .
* Do n't buy a costume unless it 's labeled " flame-retardant . "
* Do n't let your children wear masks - they can make it difficult for kids to see and breathe .
* Avoid long or baggy skirts , pants , or shirtsleeves that could catch on something and cause falls .
Have them draw their designs on the face of the pumpkin with a black marker - then you do the carving .
* Keep kids at a safe distance while you 're carving the pumpkin so that they do n't distract you or get in the way of sharp objects .
Instead , let your little ones get messy by scooping out pumpkin flesh with their hands or an ice cream scoop .
Layer newspaper or old cloths under your carving workspace and clean up spills right away so that no one slips or trips .
Instead , use a glow stick ( available in many colors ) or flameless candle to safely illuminate your jack-o'-lantern .
* For older kids who are trick-or-treating on their own , make sure you approve of the route they 'll be taking and know when they 'll be coming home .
- carry a cell phone , if possible
- Cross the street at crosswalks and never assume that vehicles will stop
* When your kids get home , check all treats to make sure they 're safely sealed and there are no signs of tampering , such as small pinholes , loose or torn packages .
Remove lawn decorations , sprinklers , toys , bicycles , wet leaves , or anything that might obstruct your walkway .
* Offer a filling meal before your kids head out to trick-or-treat so they won't scarf down too much of their haul .
* Know how much candy your kids have collected and store it somewhere other than their bedrooms .
But if your child tends to overdo it , consider setting limits .
Traditional activities include trick-or-treating , bonfires , costume parties , visiting " haunted houses " and carving jack-o-lanterns .
Halloween has its origins in the ancient Celtic festival known as Samhain ( pronounced " sah-win " ) .
Samhain was a time used by the ancient pagans to take stock of supplies and prepare for winter .
These are additional attributes of the history of Halloween .
The " trick " part of " trick or treat " is a threat to play a trick on the homeowner or his property if no treat is given .
It has become socially expected that if one lives in a neighborhood with children one should purchase treats in preparation for trick-or-treaters .
EVBCorpus
In a town in Persia there dwelt two brothers , one named Cassim , the other Ali Baba .
He was afraid they were robbers , and climbed into a tree for safety .
The finest man among them , whom Ali Baba took to be their captain , went a little way among some bushes , and said , " Open , Sesame ! " so plainly that Ali Baba heard him .
As the Captain went in last he came out first , and made them all pass by him ; he then closed the door , saying , " Shut , Sesame ! "
Ali Baba , who expected a dull , dismal place , was greatly surprised to find it large and well lighted .
He did not look at the silver , but brought out as many bags of gold as he thought his asses , which were browsing outside , could carry , loaded them with the bags , and hid it all with fagots .
" Let me first measure it , " said his wife .
Knowing Ali Baba 's poverty , the sister was curious to find out what sort of grain his wife wished to measure , and artfully put some suet at the bottom of the measure .
She then carried it back to her sister , without noticing that a piece of gold was sticking to it ,
He begged her to explain this riddle , which she did by showing him the piece of money and telling him where she found it .
By this Ali Baba perceived that through his wife 's folly Cassim and his wife knew their secret , so he confessed all and offered Cassim a share .
Ali Baba , more out of kindness than fear , told him of the cave , and the very words to use .
He rose early next morning , and set out with ten mules loaded with great chests .
He could have feasted his eyes all day on the treasures , but he now hastened to gather together as much of it as possible ; but when he was ready to go he could not remember what to say for thinking of his great riches .
He was so frightened at the danger he was in that he had as much forgotten the word as if he had never heard it .
In vain , however , for the robbers with their sabers soon killed him .
They cut Cassim 's body into four quarters , and nailed them up inside the cave , in order to frighten anyone who should venture in , and went away in search of more treasure .
The first thing he saw on entering the cave was his dead brother .
Unloading the ass , he said to her , " This is the body of your master , who has been murdered , but whom we must bury as though he had died in his bed .
Morgiana , meanwhile , sought an apothecary and asked him for some lozenges .
Thus , in the evening , no one was surprised to hear the wretched shrieks and cries of Cassim 's wife and Morgiana , telling everyone that Cassim was dead .
Next day she went to live with Ali Baba , who gave Cassim 's shop to his eldest son .
" We are certainly discovered , " said the Captain , " and shall be undone if we cannot find out who it is that knows our secret .
One of the thieves started up and offered to do this , and after the rest had highly commended him for his bravery he disguised himself , and happened to enter the town at daybreak , just by Baba Mustapha 's stall .
The robber was overjoyed at his good fortune , and , giving him a piece of gold , desired to be shown the house where he stitched up the dead body .
By and by Morgiana , going out , saw the mark the robber had made , quickly guessed that some mischief was brewing , and fetching a piece of chalk marked two or three doors on each side , without saying anything to her master or mistress .
The thief , meantime , told his comrades of his discovery .
The guide was so confounded that he knew not what answer to make , and when they returned he was at once beheaded for having failed .
The Captain put one of his men , fully armed , into each , rubbing the outside of the jars with oil from the full vessel .
Though Ali Baba had seen the Captain of the robbers in the forest , he did not recognize him in the disguise of an oil merchant .
He returned to the house , and Morgiana led him to his chamber .
She then told Abdallah , her fellow slave , to set on the pot to make some broth for her master , who had gone to bed .
Morgiana thanked him for his advice , took the oil pot , and went into the yard .
She now saw that her master , thinking to entertain an oil merchant , had let thirty-eight robbers into his house .
When this brave deed was done she went back to the kitchen , put out the fire and the lamp , and waited to see what would happen .
On going to the first jar and saying , " Are you asleep ? " he smelt the hot boiled oil , and knew at once that his plot to murder Ali Baba and his household had been discovered .
At daybreak Ali Baba arose , and , seeing the oil jars still there , asked why the merchant had not gone with his mules .
Morgiana bade him look in the first jar and see if there was any oil .
Ali Baba , when he had recovered somewhat from his astonishment , asked what had become of the merchant .
The Captain returned to his lonely cave , which seemed frightful to him without his lost companions , and firmly resolved to avenge them by killing Ali Baba .
He called himself Cogia Hassan , and as he was both civil and well dressed he soon made friends with Ali Baba 's son , and through him with Ali Baba , whom he was continually asking to sup with him .
When the merchant was about to take his leave Ali Baba stopped him , saying ,
" If that is all ," said Ali Baba , " let me tell you that there shall be no salt in either the meat or the bread that we eat to-night . "
He went to give this order to Morgiana , who was much surprised .
" I am not surprised , " she said to herself , "that this wicked man , who intends to kill my master , will eat no salt with him ; but I will hinder his plans . "
Morgiana , meanwhile , put on a headdress like a dancing-girl 's , and clasped a girdle round her waist , from which hung a dagger with a silver hilt , and said to Abdallah , " Take your tabor , and let us go and divert our master and his guest . "
After she had performed several dances she drew her dagger and made passes with it , sometimes pointing it at her own breast , sometimes at her master 's , as if it were part of the dance .
" Unhappy girl ! " cried Ali Baba and his son , " what have you done to ruin us ? "
Remember , he would eat no salt with you , and what more would you have ?
Ali Baba was so grateful to Morgiana for thus saving his life that he offered her to his son in marriage , who readily consented , and a few days after the wedding was celebrated with greatest splendor .
He brought away as much gold as he could carry , and returned to town .
EVBCorpus
Five score years ago , a great American , in whose symbolic shadow we stand today , signed the Emancipation Proclamation .
It came as a joyous daybreak to end the long night of their captivity .
One hundred years later , the Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity .
In a sense we 've come to our nation 's capital to cash a check .
This note was a promise that all men , yes , black men as well as white men , would be guaranteed the " unalienable Rights " of " Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness . "
But we refuse to believe that the bank of justice is bankrupt .
This is no time to engage in the luxury of cooling off or to take the tranquilizing drug of gradualism .
Now is the time to lift our nation from the quicksands of racial injustice to the solid rock of brotherhood .
Nineteen sixty-three is not an end , but a beginning .
But there is something that I must say to my people , who stand on the warm threshold which leads into the palace of justice : In the process of gaining our rightful place , we must not be guilty of wrongful deeds .
Again and again , we must rise to the majestic heights of meeting physical force with soul force .
And they have come to realize that their freedom is inextricably bound to our freedom .
There are those who are asking the devotees of civil rights , " When will you be satisfied ?"
We can never be satisfied as long as our children are stripped of their self-hood and robbed of their dignity by signs stating : " For Whites Only . "
Some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .
Let us not wallow in the valley of despair , I say to you today , my friends .
I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia , the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood .
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character .
I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted , and every hill and mountain shall be made low , the rough places will be made plain , and the crooked places will be made straight ; " and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together . "
With this faith , we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope .
With this faith , we will be able to work together , to pray together , to struggle together , to go to jail together , to stand up for freedom together , knowing that we will be free one day .
Land where my fathers died , land of the Pilgrim 's pride ,
Let freedom ring from the mighty mountains of New York .
But not only that :
From every mountainside , let freedom ring .
Thank God Almighty , we are free at last !
How an Allowance Helps Children Learn About Money
Many children first learn the value of money by receiving an allowance .
Some children get a weekly allowance .
If they do this , they will learn the hard way that spending must be done within a budget .
Older children may be responsible enough to save money for larger costs , like clothing or electronics .
These jobs are a normal part of family life .
They can share it in the form of gifts or giving to a good cause .
Or they can save and maybe even invest it .
A savings account is an excellent way to learn about the power of compound interest .
Compounding works by paying interest on interest .
That may not seem like a lot .
If parents are struggling to work out how to cope with impending spending cuts , they should ask their children .
It is encouraging to see that children are still saving , despite the amount of pocket money falling , " said Flavia Palacios Umana , head of savings products at Halifax .
The poll , of 1,204 youngsters , found that boys were still paid 40p more than girls on average every week .
The lowest amount was given to youngsters in the South West of England , at £5.05 a week .
EVBCorpus
In some countries , Teachers ' Days are intended to be special days for the appreciation of teachers .
Teacher 's Day is a dedication to Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan , who was a staunch believer of education and was one of the most well known diplomat , scholar , president of India and above all a teacher .
As a tribute to this great teacher , his birthday has been observed as teachers " day and this led to its origin .
As a matter of fact Dr. Radhakrishnan himself asked his admirers to celebrate his birthday not as his birthday but as the teacher 's day .
Teacher 's day is now one of the occasion that is looked forward by the teachers and students alike as on this occasion its not only when teachers are praised but also around various schools students dress up as a representation of their teachers and take various lectures that are assigned to the teachers they represent .
It is also a day when one can look back and admire and get inspired by Dr. Radhakrishnan , a small town cunning boy , who grew up to become one of the most respected politicians in the history of democracy of India .
September 5 is Teacher 's Day in India .
In reply , Dr. Radhakrishnan said , " Instead of celebrating my birthday separately , it would be my proud privilege if September 5 is observed as " Teachers Day " .
Traditionally , people in India have given tremendous respect and honor to teachers .
An old Indian saying ( usually taught to children ) , ranks teacher in the third place , even before God : " Maata , Pitha , Guru , Daivam " , meaning Mother , Father and Teacher is God .
The Iranian Teacher 's Day is celebrated on May 2 , , commemorating the martyrdom of Morteza Motahari on May 2 , 1997 .
Malaysia
Mexico
Originally it was started by a group of red-cross youth team members who visited their sick ex-teachers at hospitals .
Many schools nationwide are now being closed on this day to prevent a bribe from student 's parents .
November 24 is the Teacher 's Day : in Turkey .
The National Education Association describes National Teacher Day as " a day for honoring teachers and recognizing the lasting contributions they make to our lives " .
Currently , Massachusetts sets the first Sunday of June as its own Teacher 's Day , annually .
China
It was abrogated by the government in 1951 and reestablished in 1985 , and the day was changed to September 10 .
Children are expected to bring their teachers flowers .
Many Latin American countries , however , have a separate national Teachers " Day better accorded with their own history .
In Peru , Teacher 's Day is celebrated on July 6 .
As of 1952 , Teacher 's day has been in Hungary on the first Sunday of June .
In Poland Teachers ' Day , is on October 14 .
Sometimes there are special assemblies held at schools for all the students and staff where students officially thank all their teachers for their effort .
Russia
Singapore
In Slovakia , Teachers ' Day is a non-official holiday , celebrated on March 28 , birthday of Jan Ámos Komenský .
In Taiwan , it is celebrated on September 28 .
Thailand
The first Teachers ' Day was held in 1957 .
In Vietnam , Ngày nhà giáo Việt Nam ators falls on November 20 .
Former students also pay respect to their former teachers on this day .
In Oman , Syria , Egypt , Libya , Qatar , Bahrain , United Arab Emirates , Yemen , Tunisia , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , Algeria , Morocco in Islamic Countries , Teacher 's Day is on February 28 .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
English teachers learn new methods
After the course , 35 teachers who attended the training course shared the techniques and skills with other teachers who were not be able to attend it .
Kim even goes around the class to practise English speaking with her classmates .
" Learning how to control class and get pupils " attention is very important , " she said .
Last week , the Ministry of Education and Training continued to co-operate with concerned US agencies and the Southeast Asian Ministers of Education organization in Viet Nam to open more training courses for teachers in 11 localities .
Joan Kang Shin of the University of Maryland added that the age of students learning English in Asia was constantly getting lower .
Dr Joann ( Jodi ) Crandall , Shin 's colleague , said that the methods that have been used by many schools in Viet Nam were " not just for teaching primary pupil .
Anh agree with Crandall and added that the department was creating more opportunities for English teachers in primary schools to attend the training courses .
Moreover , the teachers " creativity is also important because they have to apply what 've learnt in the training courses to suit different age groups .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The agency 's Internet Crime Complaint Center says any government , business or academic personnel traveling abroad should be especially wary .
According to the FBI , when the victims attempt to set up the hotel room Internet connection , they were presented with a pop-up window notifying them to update a " widely-used software product . "
The FBI recommends checking the author or digital certificate of any prompted update to see if it corresponds to the software vendor , and advises travelers update the software on their laptops immediately before travelling .
The FBI warning does not include any information about specific hotel chains or service providers .
" What 's fascinating about the advisory is what it does n't say , " he blogged .
" It 's certainly very peculiar that the FBI did n't share more information in its warning , or mention where in the world it believes it has seen these attacks taking place , " he added .
There is inherent risk in connecting to public Wi-Fi networks due to the ability of attackers to target unsuspecting users and pedal scams and mal ware .
John Harrison , senior manager at Symantec Security Response , said .
" Beyond that , standard security best practices apply : they should use a modern endpoint or internet security software on their computers and mobile devices and they should be wary of any pop-ups requesting them to download updates and other potential social engineering scams .
EVBCorpus
Bones , Muscles , and Joints
Every time you sprint through the halls because you 're late for class , score against your opponents during a game , or shoot pool with friends , you 're using your bones , muscles , and joints .
From our head to our toes , our bones provide support for our bodies and help form our shape .
The ribs form a cage that shelters the heart , lungs , liver , and spleen , and the pelvis helps protect the bladder , intestines , and in girls , the reproductive organs .
They make the skeleton flexible - without them , movement would be impossible .
What are the bones and what do they do ?
Ossification is when the cartilage is replaced by hard deposits of calcium phosphate and stretchy collagen , the two main components of bone .
These plates consist of columns of multiplying cartilage cells that grow in length , and then change into hard , mineralized bone .
Bone building continues throughout your life , as your body constantly renews and reshapes the bones " living tissue .
Osteoclasts are very active in kids and teens , working on bone as it is remodeled during growth .
Bones also store calcium and release some into the bloodstream when it 's needed by other parts of the body .
Red blood cells carry oxygen to the body 's tissues , and platelets help with blood clotting when someone has a cut or wound .
Bones are made up of two types of material - compact bone and cancellous bone .
Holes and channels run through it , carrying blood vessels and nerves from the periosteum , the bone 's membrane covering , to its inner parts .
Bones are fastened to other bones by long , fibrous straps called ligaments .
Muscles pull on the joints , allowing us to move .
If you wiggle your fingers , you can see the tendons on the back of your hand move as they do their work .
These muscles hold the skeleton together , give the body shape , and help it with everyday movements ( they are known as voluntary muscles because you can control their movement ) .
Examples of smooth muscles are the walls of the stomach and intestines , which help break up food and move it through the digestive system .
Smooth muscles take longer to contract than skeletal muscles do , but they can stay contracted for a long time because they don't tire easily .
Cardiac muscle is also an involuntary type of muscle .
Muscles enable your heart to beat , your chest to rise and fall as you breathe , and your blood vessels to help regulate the pressure and flow of blood through your body .
The involuntary muscles are controlled by structures deep within the brain and the upper part of the spinal cord called the brain stem .
When you decide to move , the motor cortex sends an electrical signal through the spinal cord and peripheral nerves to the muscles , causing them to contract .
Sensors in the muscles and joints send messages back through peripheral nerves to tell the cerebellum and other parts of the brain where and how the arm or leg is moving and what position it 's in .
Muscles move body parts by contracting and then relaxing .
Then , when you 've completed the movement , the flexor relaxes and the extensor contracts to extend or straighten the limb at the same joint .
Then the biceps relaxes and the triceps contracts to straighten the elbow .
Some joints open and close like a hinge ( such as knees and elbows ) , whereas others allow for more complicated movement - a shoulder or hip joint , for example , allows for backward , forward , sideways , and rotating movement .
Joints are classified by their range of movement .
Between the edges of these plates are links , or joints , of fibrous tissue .
They are linked by cartilage , as in the spine .
They are filled with synovial fluid , which acts as a lubricant to help the joints move easily .
* Hinge joints allow movement in one direction , as seen in the knees and elbows .
The hips and shoulders have this type of joint , in which the round end of a long bone fits into the hollow of another bone .
Muscles can weaken , and joints ( as well as tendons , ligaments , and cartilage ) can be damaged by injury or disease .
The following are problems that can affect the bones , muscles , and joints in teens :
Although we often think of arthritis as a condition that affects only older people , arthritis can also occur in children and teens .
After a bone fracture , new bone cells fill the gap and repair the break .
Muscular dystrophy is an inherited group of diseases that affect the muscles , causing them to weaken and break down over time .
Osgood-Schlatter disease ( OSD ) .
Osteomyelitis .
In kids and teens , osteomyelitis usually affects the long bones of the arms and legs .
Osteoporosis .
Exercising regularly and getting plenty of calcium when you 're a kid and teen can prevent or delay you from getting osteoporosis later in life .
RSIs are a group of injuries that happen when too much stress is placed on a part of the body , resulting in inflammation ( pain and swelling ) , muscle strain , or tissue damage .
Playing sports like tennis that involve repetitive motions can also lead to RSIs .
But three to five people out of 1,000 have a condition called scoliosis , which causes the spine to curve too much .
Strains and sprains .
Strains usually happen when a person takes part in a strenuous activity when the muscles haven't properly warmed up or the muscle is not used to the activity ( such as a new sport or playing a familiar sport after a long break ) .
Tendinitis is a common sports injury that usually happens after overexercising a muscle .
Food safety tips for packing lunches
You do everything you can think of to ensure your kids eat a healthful lunch .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture offers a few safety tips to keep in mind when packing school lunches for kids or your own lunch for work :
Before beginning food preparation , wash your hands with soap and warm water for 20 seconds .
Keep perishable foods like prepackaged lunch combinations like the kind that include lunch meats with crackers , cheese and condiments cold by using freezer gel packs or a frozen juice carton .
Pack light
That way , you won't have to worry if leftovers they bring home have been kept at safe temperatures throughout the day and on the commute home .
Avoid cross-contamination
Throw away all food packaging after you eat lunch , and discard perishable leftovers unless you can safely chill them immediately after lunch and upon returning home .
Keep the container closed until lunchtime , which will help minimize bacterial contamination and growth .
If you reheat food in the microwave , cover the food to hold in the moisture and promote safe , even heating .
Reheat leftovers to at least 165 degrees .
EVBCorpus
" The potato , more than perhaps any other vegetable , has an undeserved bad reputation that has led many health-conscious people to ban them from their diet , " said Dr Joe Vinson , a professor in the Department of Chemistry at the University of Scranton in Pennsylvania , who led the research that was presented at the 242nd National Meeting & Exposition of the American Chemical Society ( ACS ) .
" In reality , when prepared without frying and served without butter , margarine or sour cream , one potato has only 110 calories and dozens of healthful phytochemicals and vitamins , " said Vinson , adding that he and his colleagues hope their study will help to remake the potato 's popular nutritional image .
For 4 weeks , they ate either 6 to 8 purple potatoes twice a day or no potatoes in their normal diet , and then crossed over to the other regimen for another 4 weeks .
Although the participants in this study ate purple potatoes , which contain high amounts of antioxidants , such as phenolic acids , anthocyanins and carotenoids , Vinson and colleagues believe red-skin and white potatoes would confer similar benefits and are already planning a study that uses them .
But deep frying potatoes subjects them to such high temperatures that it seems to destroy these healthy chemicals , leaving the consumer with only starch , fat and minerals .
EVBCorpus
Northwestern University biological anthropologist Christopher Kuzawa says there are at least two possible explanations .
" Or do men with low testosterone to begin with , are they more likely to become fathers ?
And so what we did is , we followed men through time and measured their hormones before and after they became fathers . "
" And those are the men where we see the largest decline in testosterone , " says Kuzawa , who found that testosterone levels dropped by about half immediately after the birth of the child , then rebounded somewhat .
But Kuzawa says the hormone reduction carries with it some health benefits , too .
The truth about our environment and water
EVBCorpus
Clean water is one of the most important needs of our bodies .
Unsafe water is not just a third world problem .
We have reached to a point that , all sources of our drinking water , including municipal water systems , wells , lakes , rivers , and even glaciers , contain some level of contamination .
While many contaminants are found at levels not enough not to cause immediate discomforts or sicknesses , it is proven that even low-level exposure to many common contaminants will , over time , cause severe illness including liver damage , cancer , and other serious ailments .
These drugs were found in the drinking water supplies of at least 41 million Americans and in 24 major metropolitan areas - from Southern California to Northern New Jersey .
The NRDC 's study included testing of more than 1,000 bottles of 103 brands of bottled water .
In fact , about a quarter of all bottled water is actually bottled tap water , according to government and industry estimates ( some estimates go as high as 40 percent ) .
Just make sure the filter you choose removes the most spectrum of contaminants .
Officials : 38 dead in India , Nepal after 6.9 quake
New Delhi ( CNN ) - The death toll from a magnitude 6.9 earthquake and its aftershocks along the border of India and Nepal climbed to 38 Monday , officials said .
Five deaths were reported in West Bengal and two others in Bihar .
About a dozen people were injured when they jumped from their houses during the quake , police said .
300 civilians were rescued in one such effort near Sikkim 's border with China , said Indo-Tibetan Border Police spokesman Deepak Kumar Pandey .
All three occurred within an hour and 15 minutes , the U.S. agency said .
He expressed fears that the toll , as far as deaths and damage , could be more than is now known , anticipating more as assessments continue Monday .
Authorities have reported power outages and downed phone lines in Sikkim .
As for outside help , World Vision announced Sunday that it " has put its emergency response team in India on standby " to provide relief as requested .
That quake 's epicenter was about 42 miles from the city of Gangtok , the capital of Sikkim , and 169 miles east of Kathmandu , according to the geological survey .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The bank also cut its growth forecast for developing Asia to 7.5 % in 2011 , from its earlier projection of 7.8 % .
Asia is going through a demographic transition , one that developed countries have already experienced , where the share of elderly in the population rises rapidly .
It cited the example of Indonesia , Korea , Malaysia and China .
Demand slowdown
The bank said ongoing concerns over European and US debt had hit demand from those economies and hurt export growth in many Asian countries .
Pinkeye ( conjunctivitis )
What is pinkeye ?
Viral and bacterial pinkeye are extremely contagious .
Allergic pinkeye ( caused by seasonal pollens , animal dander , cosmetics , and perfumes ) and chemical pinkeye ( from chemicals or liquids , including bleach and furniture polish ) are not contagious .
Symptom : Swollen , red eyelids
Swelling of the eyelids is more common with bacterial and allergic pinkeye .
Symptom : Itchy or burning eyes
A clear , watery drainage is common with viral and allergic pinkeye .
Symptom : Crusty eyelids
A person who has severe symptoms , such as changes in eyesight , severe light sensitivity , or severe pain may have an infection that has spread beyond the conjunctiva and should be re-examined by a doctor .
Pinkeye diagnosis
When pinkeye means something more
Treating pinkeye
Most viral pinkeye cases have no specific treatment - you just have to let the virus run its course , which is usually four to seven days .
To reduce pain and to remove the discharge of bacterial or viral pinkeye , use a cold or warm compress on the eyes .
How long am I contagious ?
With viral pinkeye , you are contagious as long as the symptoms last .
Never share towels or handkerchiefs , and throw away tissues after each use .
Disinfect all surfaces , including countertops , sinks , and doorknobs .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
THE price of gold rose yesterday to a fresh all-time high of $ 1594.16 an ounce , and the dollar fell on foreign exchange markets , over concerns the United States may default on its debts .
Democrats and Republicans are at logger heads over how best to do this .
" The possibility remains that the recent economic weakness may prove more persistent than expected and that deflationary risks might re-emerge , implying the need for additional policy support , " he told the US House of Representatives Financial Services Committee .
Some countries , including Britain , sold part of their gold reserves a decade ago .
The official reason for selling the gold reserves was to reduce the portfolio risk of the UK 's reserves by diversifying away from gold .
EVBCorpus
President Barack Obama has told lawmakers he wants agreement on a US debt deal in 24-36 hours , Republican and Democratic aides say .
The president plans to hold a news conference to discuss the troubled talks at 11h ( 15:00 GMT ) on Friday .
On Thursday , Standard Poor 's became the second of the major credit rating agencies to place US debt problem review , citing an increasing risk of a payment default .
Mr Reid said Mr Cantor " has shown he should n't even be at the table " in the debt talks at the White House .
He is also said to have urged the president to accept a short-term deal instead of a budget that would carry through to the presidential election in November 2012 .
US Federal Reserve chairman chief Ben Bernanke warned a Senate panel on Wednesday that a default would cause a " major crisis " , adding it would be a " self-inflicted wound " .
He has said he is willing to countenance cuts to social safety-net programmes dear to Democrats , as long as there are tax rises for the rich .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
I remember the exact date I bought it , because it was the last time Apple updated the iPhone .
Type in your Google credentials and , within minutes , the phone downloads all your email , contact information and even some personalization features via the cloud .
Partly because of the competition , there are plenty of Android phones that are less expensive than iPhones , not only for end-users but also for the carriers that typically subsidize the end-user price in exchange for signing a two-year contract .
Like Apple , Google has amassed an enormous developer base , and there are now more than 443,000 Android apps , according to AppBrain .
And , even though Apple refreshes its iPhone and iPad annually , the number of Apple tablet and phone models out there can still be counted with two hands .
Amazon , for example , was able to create its very popular $ 199 Kindle Fire tablet , which runs a heavily customized version of Android that not only has a distinct user interface but does n't necessarily run off-the-shelf Android software .
The open Android system also allowed Samsung to create a diversity of its own devices with a range of screen sizes .
I hope the rumors that Apple is developing a 7-inch iPad turn out to be true .
The world of Android is extremely fragmented , not only with a wide variety of hardware devices but with multiple versions of the Android operating system and - my pet peeve - customized interfaces that make it harder to switch between devices .
Even new phones are coming out with older Android versions with no clear update path .
In my opinion , it does a better job than the hardware makers when it comes to interface design .
Open Source Won the Mobile Platform Wars
At the Open Source Business Conference 2012 , the president of mobile data synchronization software company Funambol explained how open-source software , such as Google Android , came to dominate the mobile space .
There 's just no other way to put it , " said Fabrizio Capobianco , president and co-founder of Funambol at the Open Source Business Conference ( OSBC ) 2012 here .
Increasingly , enterprises are investing in mobile technology because workers are demanding it so that they can stay connected with colleagues , customers and partners wherever they are .
Google released Android as open source in 2007 , and the first Android-based smartphones went on sale in 2008 .
" Open source will apply to mobile better than in any market we have ever seen because mobile is complex and complexity is where open source thrives . "
The belief in the quality of open source was revealed in a survey of vendors and nonvendors that was released by OSBC at the conference .
Capobianco cited other examples of mobile operating systems that started out as proprietary but converted to open source .
Also important to open-source mobile development was the decision by Sun Microsystems in 2006 to open source its Java programming language , opening the door for developers to create mobile applications using a variation of Java called Java ME ( for Mobile Edition ) .
At the time , however , Apple faced criticism from the Free Software Foundation for the closed and restricted design of the iPhone .
Women 's fertility linked to oral health
Women 's fertility linked to oral health
During the meeting , delegates heard about preliminary research that found for the first time , from when she starts trying to conceive , a woman 's chances of falling pregnant can depend on how well she looks after her teeth and gums .
" ... first report to suggest that gum disease might be one of several factors that could be modified to improve the chances of a pregnancy . "
Non-Caucasian women appeared to be the group most affected : they were likely to take more than 12 months to become pregnant if they had gum disease .
Our mouths are full of bacteria , which stick to mucus and bits of food and form a sticky " plaque " on our teeth .
At this stage , daily brushing and flossing and visits to the dentist can restore oral health .
The bacteria and plaque starts to grow below the gum line , causing the immune system to respond .
The best way to prevent it is to brush and floss your teeth regularly .
Hart suggests the reason the non-Caucasian women were the most effected was because they appeared to have the highest level of inflammatory response when suffering from gum disease .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Even though gold is no longer used as a primary form of currency in developed nations , it continues to have a strong impact on the value of those currencies .
To help illustrate this relationship between gold and foreign exchange trading , consider these five important aspects :
One of the reasons for standard use is that it limited the amount of money nations were allowed to print .
2 . Gold is used to hedge against inflation .
The demand for gold increases during inflationary times due to its inherent value and limited supply .
3 . The price of gold affects countries that import and export it .
Thus , a country that exports gold or has access to gold reserves will see an increase in the strength of its currency when gold prices increase , since this increases the value of the country 's total exports .
Thus , they will be particularly susceptible to increases in the price of gold .
This is largely due to the fact that banks rely on printing more money to buy gold , and thereby create an excess supply of the fiat currency .
For example , if there is high demand from an industry that requires gold for production , this will cause gold prices to rise .
Gold has a profound impact on the value of world currencies .
Syria says US " interfering " as ambassador visits Hama
Syria says US " interfering " as ambassador visits Hama
Earlier , the US State Department said Mr Ford 's visit was to show solidarity with protesters .
The BBC 's Kim Ghattas in Washington says the ambassador 's presence in Hama could dissuade Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from launching an all-out assault on the city .
Last Friday 's protest in Hama was one of the largest in three months of demonstrations across Syria .
A day later , Mr Assad sacked local governor Ahmad Khaled Abdel Aziz for reportedly failing to suppress the unrest .
US State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Washington was " greatly concerned about the situation in Hama " .
Opposition activists say that more than 1,300 protesters have died across the country since protests began in March .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
After much hard work in writing countless resumes , cover letters , and job applications , these individuals hope that they will interview well , impress the hiring officer of the company to which they have applied .
By continuing to interview for jobs , you will learn the range of variety of questions and scenarios that may confront you .
However , 10 of the worst things to say are listed below .
In addition , there are some questions that are simply illegal to ask any job candidate in an interview .
1 . How much does the job pay ?
It makes it seem as if all you are after is money .
If they ask you how much money you want , have a range of salaries to give them and not a specific amount .
First , research how much the job you want really pays in your town or state and then come up with a range of a yearly salary to request .
Look the company up on the Internet and read as much as you can about it and take notes .
Your local libraries can help you do that .
The interview is not a casual conversation with friends on a street corner or in a lounge .
There is not time enough during an interview for the interviewer to figure out what you are talking about .
On the other hand , even if they do understand you , you are being disrespectful and overly casual in the interview by using slang .
Hiring officers and job interviewers like job candidates with self-confidence , but they do not like people who are selfish .
Be prepared to tell clearly what specific ways you have helped your former employers .
6 . No stereotypical language
7 . Do not criticize any former employer
Instead , you can explain that you had a difference of opinion with your former employer in work philosophies or styles .
Do not dwell on your answer about an employer where things did not go so well for you , and make it short .
When you research the company before your interview , come up with at least three questions to ask about the company itself during the interview .
You will likely be asked what strengths and weaknesses you have .
This is a positive " weakness . "
Do n't tell the employer anything that will lead them to knowing your age , race , gender orientation , religious beliefs , medical conditions , or other personal information .
Allies of Dominique Strauss-Kahn eye political comeback
Allies of former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn have said he could make a political comeback in France now he has been freed from house arrest in the US .
On Friday , a judge ordered Mr Strauss-Kahn released on his own recognisance .
Mr Strauss-Kahn had earlier been the favourite to be the Socialist Party 's candidate for the French presidency in May 2011 .
A Socialist MP , Jean-Marie Le Guen , said he thought it was likely that Mr Strauss-Kahn would stand .
The list for nominations is due to close on 13 July - five days before his next scheduled court appearance .
A judge in New York lifted the strict bail conditions imposed on Mr Strauss-Kahn , amid intense speculation that the sexual assault case against him was faltering .
" I understand that the circumstances of this case have changed substantially , and I agree the risk that he would not be here has receded quite a bit .
The maid claims that Mr Strauss-Kahn chased her down a hallway in his expensive hotel suite in the Sofitel hotel before sexually assaulting her .
Mr Strauss-Kahn 's lawyer , William Taylor , said he believed the next step would lead to the complete dismissal of the charges .
The district attorney knows that , " he added .
EVBCorpus
I 've noticed that in the rush of everyday living , most people overlook the precious nature of our very existence .
Here 's a similar message written by Erma Bombeck as she was dying from kidney transplant complications . " - Joel Rothschild
If I had my life to live over , I would have talked less and listened more .
I would have taken the time to listen to my grandfather ramble about his youth .
I would have sat on the lawn with my children and not worried about grass stains .
I would never have bought anything just because it was practical , would n't show soil or was guaranteed to last a lifetime.
Now go get washed up for dinner . "
Do n't worry about who does n't like you , who has more , or who 's doing what .
And what we are doing each day to promote ourselves mentally , physically , emotionally , as well as spiritually .
5 Reasons To Fear The Stock Market
Even for those who know nothing about investing , they 've heard of the stock market .
When there is a significant market move up or down , it 's often a front page story .
If you 're avoiding the stock market because you 've heard that it 's rigged , that is debat able .
Because of that , professional money managers conduct their own research and ignore the rumors .
2 . Computers Run the Show
Proprietary computer programs are often not even fully understood by the people using them .
3 . It 's too Tough for the Average Investor
As stated in his book , " Real Money , " Cramer believes that the retail or part time investor can make money in the stock market by following a set of rules .
4 . The Economy Is Bad
However , as any seasoned investor knows , the stock market rarely represents in real time the state of the current economy .
The problem is that finding stability in the stock market may take a long time .
5 . It Has Gone Up Fast
On one hand , markets that move up fast tend to fall fast - with a market that has been in bull mode for the past year , that should scare any investor .
Unfortunately , there is no easy answer .
If you do n't feel that you have the necessary knowledge , get help .
EVBCorpus
When it comes to spending , the U.S. is a culture of consumption .
The result : rising levels of consumer debt and declining household savings rates .
It declined for the first time in the third quarter of 2008 .
Here we 'll take a look at seven of the most common financial mistakes that often lead people to major economic hardship .
Mistake No. 1 : Excessive // Frivolous Spending
If you 're enduring financial hardship , avoiding this mistake really matters - after all , if you 're only a few dollars away from foreclosure or bankruptcy , every dollar will count more than ever .
Ask yourself if you really need items that keep you paying for every month , year after year .
Mistake No. 3 : Living on Borrowed Money
But even if an ever-increasing number of consumers are willing to pay double-digit interest rates on gasoline , groceries and a host of other items that are gone long before the bill is paid in full , do n't be one of them .
Mistake No. 4 : Buying a New Car
Millions of new cars are sold each year , although few buyers can afford to pay for them in cash .
After all , being able to afford the payment is not the same as being able to afford the car .
Such vehicles are expensive to buy , insure and fuel .
You might need one , but if you 're buying more car than you need , you 're burning through money that could have been saved or used to pay off debt .
Do you really want to put such a significant , long-term dent in your monthly budget ?
It also costs you thousands of dollars in interest and fees .
Mistake No. 7 : Living Paycheck to Paycheck
Clearly it is possible to enjoy a high standard of living without financing it with debt .
If this happens , you 'll have very few options .
To steer yourself away from the dangers of overspending , start by monitoring the little expenses that add up quickly , then move on to monitoring the big expenses .
Think carefully before adding new debts to your list of payments , and keep in mind that being able to make a payment is n't the same as being able to afford the purchase .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Girl jabs bad guy in the eyes with her keys - or maybe she kicks him in a certain sensitive place .
Either way , while he 's squirming , she leaps into her car and speeds to safety .
Now she 's in a bad place to defend herself - and she ca n't run away .
But self-defense actually means doing everything possible to avoid fighting someone who threatens or attacks you .
The attacker , who is already edgy and pumped up on adrenaline - and who knows what else - may become even more angry and violent .
Your intuition , combined with your common sense , can help get you out of trouble .
Sadly , teens can be attacked by people they know .
The classic example of de-escalation is giving a robber your money rather than trying to fight or run .
Then you can redirect the bully 's focus ( " Oops , I just heard the bell for third period " ) , and calmly walk away from the situation .
Whether it 's a stranger or someone you thought you could trust , saying and doing things that do n't threaten your attacker can give you some control .
Understand your surroundings .
Pay particular attention to places where someone could hide - such as stairways and bushes .
If you go on a date or with friends for an after- game snack , let someone know where you 're going and when you expect to return .
Are you comfortable being there ?
When riding on public transportation , sit near the driver and stay awake .
Be willing to report crimes in your neighborhood and school to the police .
A good self-defense class can teach you how to size up a situation and decide what you should do .
For example , attackers usually anticipate how their victim might react - that kick to the groin or jab to the eyes , for instance .
It 's much easier to take action in an emergency if you 've already had a few dry runs .
If they do n't have them , they may be able to tell you who does .
Drinking during pregnancy increases risk of premature birth
Drinking alcohol during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of miscarriage , premature birth , and low birth weight .
The women were asked about their home life , whether they worked , what their nationality was , as well as their drinking habits prior to their antenatal booking visit .
In general , fetal alcohol syndrome occurred less frequently than expected in this study , suggesting that it is either not recognized by medical staff or only becomes apparent after the mother and baby have left the hospital .
These women were most likely to be young and to have used illegal drugs .
Prof Murphy said , " This study emphasizes the need for improved detection of alcohol misuse in pregnancy and for early intervention in order to minimize the risks to the developing fetus .
Citation
Sleep position during pregnancy " link to still-birth "
Sleeping on the back or right side , rather than the left , doubled the risk - but only to almost four in 1,000 .
A significant number are unexplained . "
However , more research is needed into sleep patterns before any firm conclusions over sleeping positions can be made .
A third of still-births have no clear cause .
" A simple message which mums could follow , which would reduce their risk of still-birth , would be very welcome . "
EVBCorpus
The defence said Jackson gave himself too much of the drug , a sleeping aid .
Slurred message
The jury was shown a photo of the 50-year-old singer 's pale body lying on a gurney after he died , and heard a recording of the pop star slurring while talking about planned comeback concerts .
I 've never seen nothing like this .
The prosecutor said Jackson 's difficulty in speaking on the recording showed that Dr Murray ought to have realised the star should not have taken any more propofol .
The prosecutor said the doctor had left to go to the bathroom and checked his mobile phone .
During his lawyer 's turn to speak , Dr Murray appeared to wipe tears from his eyes .
He claimed the singer had swallowed pills of the sedative lorazepam on the morning of his death .
He also said Jackson had self-ingested propofol , and that it had killed him instantly .
The prosecutor said Dr Murray had initially asked for $ 5m ( £3.2 m ) to work with Jackson for a year , though accepted a lower rate of $ 150,000 per month .
He told the court of Jackson 's excitement about his series of comeback concerts .
It was a different Michael . "
A number of witnesses , including security guards , paramedics and emergency room doctors , are yet to be called .
The trial is expected to last about five weeks .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
India was once part of the British Empire , but thanks to modern technology and a booming economy , it has turned the tables on its former colonial master .
Early results suggest the idea is improving exam results .
It 's 3:30 , and pupils at Raynham Primary School in London are gathering for their after-school math lesson .
Each pupil gets a dedicated one-to-one online tutor .
The real advantage is that each child gets a focused activity and a single tutor , " he said .
Her friend , Abdul-Fadil Badori agrees .
Such individualized teaching is the core idea of Brightspark Education , the company that provides the online tutoring , says founder Tom Hooper .
Raynham Primary School is among the first in Europe to try online tutoring .
Kevin Courtney is deputy General Secretary of Britain 's National Union of Teachers .
In one of the wealthiest countries in the world , we think that we can afford to have teachers with genuine emotional connection there with the children , " he said .
Parents say they 're very satisfied with the results they 've seen .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
China , the Philippines and Vietnam have been trading barbs and diplomatic protests recently over overlapping territorial claims , reigniting tension .
Parts also are claimed by Brunei , Malaysia , the Philippines , Taiwan and Vietnam .
A copy of the policy paper was seen by The Associated Press on Wednesday .
" As a strategically , the United States honors our Mutual Defense Treaty with the Philippines , " said Alan Holst , acting public affairs officer at the embassy .
While the U.S. has a policy of not interfering in territorial disputes , the Philippine paper said " it may be construed that any attack on our vessels , armed forces or aircraft in the Spratlys would make the treaty applicable and accordingly obligate the U.S. to act to meet the common dangers . "
On Wednesday , Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Cui Tiankai warned that
The Philippines has accused China of intruding at least six times in Manila - claimed areas in and near the Spratlys since February .
President Benigno Aquino III insisted Friday that his country wo n't be bullied by China and said Beijing should stop intruding into waters claimed by Manila .
EVBCorpus
European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said there was " a real will of the member states to do what is necessary " .
The Greek parliament has to pass fresh austerity measures next week before the country can gain vital bail-out funds .
However , many economists think it will be difficult for Greece to avoid default at some time in the future .
Also speaking at the end of the first day in Brussels , European Council President Herman Van Rompuy said the EU was moving to make it easier for Greece to access European Union development funds to help boost its economy .
" All conditions must be met , " said Mr Juncker , who also chairs the groups of eurozone finance ministers .
" Greece is committed , strongly committed , to continue a very important programme for major changes , radical changes , to make our economy viable , " he said .
EVBCorpus
Singapore is urging China to spell out its territorial claims in the South China Sea with more precision .
Singapore stressed that is has no claims of its own in the South China Sea and that it takes no position on the conflicting claims of China and five other governments .
China in each case claimed the incidents occurred in areas under Chinese administration , without saying specifically how far those areas extended .
Agreement on the guidelines has been held up since the code was negotiated in 2002 .
1991 - China passes the Law on Territorial Waters and Their Contiguous A reas , laying out its claim to territorial sovereignty over the Paracel and Spratly Islands .
Despite efforts to resolve the dispute , more structures are found on the reef in 1999 .
2009 , March - Chinese ships and fishermen harass a U.S. naval vessel in the South China Sea .
Plane crash in north-west Russia kills 44
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Forty-four people have been killed and eight injured in a plane crash in north-western Russia , officials say .
The Tupolev Tu-134 operated by RusAir was carrying 43 passengers and nine crew .
The plane came down while flying from the capital , Moscow , to Petrozavodsk .
Russian media are meanwhile reporting that one of those killed was a Swedish national .
There was no immediate explanation for the crash , but Interfax quoted the airport 's director as saying there had been " unfavourable weather conditions " .
The plane 's flight recorders have reportedly been recovered .
Prosecutors say a criminal investigation into the possible neglect of air transport rules is under way .
EVBCorpus
Maria Gomes Valentim died of multiple organ failure a few weeks before she was due to turn 115 .
Guinness said that Ms Valentim died at the age of 114 years and 347 days .
But last month , Guinness said they had found that Ms Valentim was 48 days older than Ms Cooper .
Guinness said the title of world 's oldest living person would now revert to Ms Cooper , who is 114 years and 299 days old .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The reality of labor and birth may seem extremely far off - which makes this the perfect time to start planning for the arrival of your baby by creating a birth plan that details your wishes .
The term birth plan can actually be misleading - it 's less an exact plan than a list of preferences .
Not only will this improve your communication with the people who 'll be helping during your delivery , it also means you won't have to explain your preferences right at the moment when you 're least in the mood for conversation - during labor itself .
What questions does a birth plan answer ?
Think about the environment in which you want to have your baby , who you want to have there , and what birthing positions you plan to use .
Do you want to feed the baby immediately ?
Hospitals have widely varying policies for the care of newborns - if you choose to have your baby in a hospital , you 'll want to know what these are and how they match what you 're looking for .
You might also want to think about other possible complications , such as premature birth .
Before you make decisions about each of your birthing options , you 'll want to talk with your health care provider and tour the hospital or birthing center where you plan to have your baby .
And it 's important to be flexible - if you know one aspect of your birthing plan wo n't be met , be sure to weigh that aspect against your other wishes .
Finally , you should find out if there are things about your pregnancy that might prevent certain choices .
Where to have the baby .
However , most are no longer confined to a cold , sterile maternity ward .
This usually means the patient rooms will have a door , furnishings , a private bathroom , and enough space to accommodate a family , including the baby 's crib and supplies .
They 're often attractive and have gentle lighting .
But some women believe that the most comfortable environment is their own home .
It can take a while to get to the hospital , and during a complicated birth those minutes can be invaluable .
These provide a more homey , relaxed environment with some of the medical amenities of a hospital .
If your pregnancy is considered high risk , you may be referred to an obstetrician who subspecializes in maternal-fetal medicine .
As your family doctor , a family practitioner can continue to treat both you and your baby after birth .
You might decide that you want your delivery to be performed by a certified nurse-midwife , a health professional who 's medically trained and licensed to handle low-risk births and whose philosophy emphasiz​es educating expectant parents about the natural aspects of childbirth .
Increasing numbers of women are choosing to have a doula , or birth assistant , present in addition to the medical personnel .
This may be your partner , your other children , a friend , or other family member .
Do you want music and low lighting ?
You might be able to request things that may make you the most comfortable - from what clothes you 'll wear to whether you 'll have a VCR or DVD player in your room .
Hospitals used to perform the same procedures on all women in labor , but many now show increased flexibility in how they handle their patients .
* enemas .
At times , labor may need to be induced or sped up for medical reasons .
Shaving is no longer done unless a woman requests it .
It 's also something you 'll want to discuss carefully with your health care provider .
Know your options and make your wishes known to your health provider .
Episiotomies .
You may have one if you risk tearing or in the case of a medical emergency , but if there is an option , you can discuss your preference with your provider .
You might not want to think about this , but if you have to have a cesarean , you 'll need to consider a few things .
Post-birth : Decisions to be made about the time immediately after birth include :
* Does your partner want to hold the baby when the baby emerges ?
* How would you like to handle the delivery of the placenta ?
Birth plans are relatively new inventions , and your doctor or nurse-midwife may not be completely comfortable with them .
Also , think about the language of your plan .
* Make your birth plan read like a list of requests or best-case scenarios , not like a set of demands .
* Think about the other personnel who 'll be using it - hospital staffers might feel more comfortable if you call it your " birth preferences " rather than your " birth plan , " which could seem as though you 're trying to tell them how to do their jobs .
Find out and discuss where you agree or disagree .
You may also want to make several copies of the plan : one for you , one for your doctor or nurse-midwife , and one for your birthing coach or partner .
Constipation : what you need to know
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Constipation : what you need to know
Why do I get constipated ?
Some medicines such as painkillers , iron tablets , antidepressants , antacids and medicines for high blood pressure can also cause constipation .
Pregnant women may become constipated due to hormonal changes or because their uterus puts pressure on their bowel .
Occasionally constipation results from a specific problem within the colon or rectum itself .
Include wholegrain or wholemeal breads and cereals , legumes ( e.g. chickpeas and kidney beans ) , fruit and plenty of vegetables in your diet each day .
* Exercising every day , standing up and moving around as often as possible .
Commonly , the urge to open your bowels occurs after a meal - this is called the gastro-colic reflex .
* Taking laxatives : You should only use laxatives if your constipation has not improved after following the above measures .
* Using suppositories or enemas : generally these are only used if you are very constipated , and are best used under the guidance of a health professional .
* Pelvic floor muscle retraining : this can be useful if your pelvic floor muscles are not working properly .
When to see a doctor
Also see your doctor if you have strong pain in your abdomen , blood in your stools , vomiting , considerable bloating , ongoing tiredness or unexplained weight loss .
EVBCorpus
Prosecutors have agreed that Mr Strauss-Kahn should be freed " on his own recognisance " , meaning he must simply promise to appear in court .
The case is now close to collapse , US media reports say .
After assessing disclosures by prosecutors from the office of the Manhattan district attorney , a judge rescinded the strict bail terms imposed on Mr Strauss-Kahm , but did order that his passport be retained so he could not travel outside the US.
I release Mr Strauss-Kahn at his own recognisance , " Justice Michael Obus told the court on Friday .
" I want to remind all of you that at each appearance in the last six weeks , we asked you and asked the world not to rush to judgement - now I think you can understand why , " said Mr Strauss-Kahm 's lawyer , William Taylor .
In earlier court hearings , prosecutors had spoken of the strength of their case .
But the alleged victim 's lawyer , Kenneth P Thompson , maintained on Friday that his client 's story was genuine and that Mr Strauss-Kahn was guilty of sexual assault charges .
That is a lie , " he said .
Mr Vance said the case would continue to be investigated , including concerns that had been raised about the credibility of Mr Strauss-Kahm 's accuser .
Credibility doubts
However , unnamed law enforcement officials have now told US media the accuser has repeatedly lied since the alleged attack on 14 May .
" From day one she has described a violent sexual assault that Dominique Strauss-Kahn committed against her , " Mr Thompson said , adding that Mr Strauss-Kahn bruised the maid 's body and threw her to the floor .
Mr Thompson said that though the maid " may have made some mistakes " , that does not mean the assault never occurred .
The Socialist former Prime Minister , Lionel Jospin , said : " It 's a thunderbolt - but in the opposite direction this time . "
Mr Strauss-Kahn had been under house arrest in a New York apartment since posting a $ 6m ( £3.7 m ) cash bail and bond in May .
10 Tips to Boost Your Android Phone 's Battery Life
10 Tips to Boost Your Android Phone 's Battery Life
In fact , many Android phone users would be happy to make it through a single day .
Thinner designs with less room for batteries , larger and brighter screens , faster dual-core processors , more software that runs in the background , and power-hungry GPS radios all share responsibility .
Fortunately , there 's plenty you can do to stem the flow of juice from your Android device .
Applications and features will display in a descending list of battery hogs .
Android keeps location-based apps resident in the background , and the constant drain on your battery will become noticeable , fast .
3 . Set display brightness to adjust automatically
4 . Dump unnecessary home screen widgets and live wallpaper
( But do n't dump everything , as part of what makes Android great are the home screen customizations ; just remove the ones that you do n't use . )
Set your various messaging apps to " manual " for the polling or refresh fequency , and you 'll instantly extend your device 's battery life by a significant amount .
6 . Disable Adobe Flash
7 . Update your apps
Check for app updates in Google Play by hitting the menu key and going to My Apps .
Staying current with the news is great , but why update feeds constantly in the background ?
If you 're in an area with low signal strength , the phone will work harder to latch onto a strong-enough cellular signal .
We conduct battery life tests of every single phone we review .
One standout in particular , the Motorola Droid Razr Maxx , nearly tripled that of most other handsets we 've tested .
Vietnamese Protesters Denounce China in Maritime Dispute
Demonstrators shouted that the Spratly and Paracel islands belong to Vietnam , and they accused China of intending to invade Vietnam 's territory .
China has said the potentially resource -rich Spratlys and Paracel islands and the surrounding waters are part of its territory .
The Vietnamese news agency quotes Chinese Ambassador Sun Guoxiang as saying that his country attaches importance to the traditional friendship with Vietnam and that it commits itself with the Vietnamese side to strengthen solidarity , cooperation and mutual support .
In each case , China insisted its ships were operating appropriately in waters under Beijing 's administration .
Diabetes rate " doubles " - Imperial College and Harvard research suggests
The authors called for better detection and treatment to combat the rise .
Majid Ezzati , of Imperial College London , said : " Diabetes is becoming more common almost everywhere in the world " .
It can also cause heart disease and strokes .
The diabetes rate was relatively low in western Europe .
Dennis Urbaniak , of pharmaceutical firm Sanofi , said : " This is a chronic , progressive condition " .
" Nevertheless , we should not be complacent about our country 's health since it is clear that rates of obesity and Type 2 diabetes are still rising at an alarming rate . "
Hemophobia
Hemophobia , or fear of blood , is a common specific phobia .
The fear is categorized by the DS M-IV ( Diagnostic and Statistical Manual , 4th Ed ) as part of the subtype " blood-injection-injury " phobias .
Hemophobia and other blood-injection-injury phobias frequently cause a drop in blood pressure and heart rate .
Anticipatory anxiety , in which you may experience a racing heart , shaking , and gastrointestinal distress , is common in the hours and days before an upcoming encounter with blood .
Some people with a fear of blood also have other medical phobias , such as fears of doctors and dentists .
Bleeding is an indication that something is wrong with the body , and the sight of one 's own blood can be enough to trigger health anxiety .
In some cases , the fear of blood may be related to the fear of death .
However , hemophobia may be inherited or even be rooted in evolutionary factors .
Of course , as the 1980s slasher genre proved , it is easy to become emotionally numb to such images , particularly for those who have a fear but not a full-blown phobia .
Spilled blood sometimes creates a paradox - we can't bear to look , yet we can't bring ourselves to look away .
If you are afraid of blood , you may be reluctant to seek medical treatment .
You might pass these tasks off to your spouse whenever possible .
You may avoid sports , carnival rides and other activities that you perceive as dangerous .
Your relationships might suffer and , over time , you might find it difficult to participate in even the normal activities of daily living .
Treating Hemophobia
You will learn to replace your fearful self-talk with healthier responses to the sight of blood .
A skilled therapist can guide you through the process of recovery , which can be difficult or impossible on your own .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Experts at Southampton University
Southampton have drawn up a league table of countries most likely to suffer severe loss of life or catastrophic damage should an asteroid hit Earth .
Canada , the US , China , Japan and Sweden are rated most at risk in terms of potential damage to their infrastructure .
The list has been compiled using software called NEOimpactor , using data from NASA 's Near Earth Object programme .
" The consequences for human populations and infrastructure as a result of an impact are enormous . "
" While it only flattened unpopulated forest , had it exploded over London it could have devastated everything within the M25 , " he said .
An asteroid is thought to have been responsible for the extinction of the dinosaurs 65 million years ago - a rock up to 10 miles in diameter hit Earth at 25,000 an hour with a force of 100 megatons , the equivalent of one Hiroshima bomb for everyone on the planet .
The countries most at risk :
Japan
The U.S
Brazil
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
China Communists celebrate 90 years
The CPC has more than 80 million members , making it the biggest political party in the world .
Under Mao Zedong , China 's first communist leader , the CPC began the Great Leap Forward in 1958 , a campaign to increase industrial production during which millions starved .
But after Mao 's death in 1976 , his successor Deng Xiaoping introduced market reforms which helped turn China into the world 's second-largest economy .
" History has proved that only the CPC can save China , " declared a commentary from the state-run Xinhua news agency on Thursday .
There have also been a new official history book , and a large number of exhibitions .
EVBCorpus
We invest it and gain it , and unfortunately sometimes lose it , and we give it value and worth - or at least we agree to give it a certain value .
Most-famously it has been gold and silver .
It derives its value through government backing - but how did we make the shift from pieces of gold to pieces of paper ?
For a while , up until World War I - and for a brief period afterwards - England was on the Gold S tandard .
What that meant was that every note that was printed by the Bank of England had to be backed by a certain amount of gold in its vaults .
Chris Salmon , the Bank of England 's chief cashier , whose signature is on the new £50 note says " The reason the language is there is to send a signal that we take our responsibility to maintain the value of the money very seriously , to maintain its purchasing power .
So , other than those pieces of paper we take to the shops to hand over for goods or services , or even digital bits on a computer which are transferred across the world in a split second , what is this thing we call money ?
Why Everybody Owes Everybody and No-One Can Pay .
John Lanchester argues that the financial whizz-kids thought they could control money and the inherent risk associated with playing about with it .
Increased risk is just increased risk . "
Money auctions
" Credit requires that you pay someone back .
Money is just money , and that 's the fundamental difference . "
" That is not money that they have created .
Only the Bank of England can create money in the UK ; and it can invent it out of thin air .
He is also the executive director for markets at the Bank of England , responsible for implementing QE .
Paul Fisher says the greatest danger to the economy at the moment is not inflation but deflation .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
My relationships with my bosses .
You 'll be surprised by how simple these tips are , but how rare some employees actually follow them .
Email or chat with your boss about the project to show that you 're dedicated , and worked hard on it .
It 's great to talk about the results with your boss so you can improve your work in the future .
Stay focused and be productive
Most employees spend over 60 % of their 8-day workdays dealing with interruptions checking their email , looking for stuff , an browsing on the Internet .
Here are some of my own personal tips to stay focused and be productive :
I usually arrive to work about 15 minutes before I 'm supposed to so I have time to plan out my day and make sure I keep track of what I have to do .
My personal favorite is Remember the Milk ( http://www.rememberthemilk.com/ ) but you can check out the relatively new Todo.ly ( http://todo.ly/ ) , another online to-do list and task manager .
Google Calendar is great as well since you can get event reminders as emails or text messages , and view your calendar using the mobile browser .
You can set it on your phone or use Google Calendar reminders .
You can check emails all at once so you do n't get distracted each time .
I usually check once at 10 am , 1pm , and 4pm .
By using mailing lists and email groups , you spend less time typing in individual names and emails , and do n't have to worry about emailing the wrong people or forgetting someone .
She was really nice , and so , I made the effort to thank her for her gestures in person and with cards .
When you attend meetings , it 's important that you do n't just sit back .
* Arrive on time
* Respond to other people 's ideas , comments
What kind of boss does not like a proactive employee ?
Ask your boss how you can help .
Keep your word and follow through
If you volunteered to complete a task , make sure you do it .
Avoid talking behind someone 's back , or trying to separate yourself too much from your co-workers .
If your boss makes a recommendation about improving something , do n't take that as an insult that your work is n't good enough .
My boss remembers every event that I attend so it 's important to make that effort to show that you care enough to make time to show up .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Culprit : Ultra-high heels
Let 's take a closer look at the heights , styles , and woes of today 's footwear .
The pressure leads to blisters , swelling , bursitis , even pain in the Achilles tendon .
Ultra-high heels force the feet into a position that puts stress on the ball of the foot .
At this critical joint , the long metatarsal bones meet the pea-shaped sesamoid bones , and the toe bones ( phalanges ) .
Chronic stress to the foot bones can even lead to hairline fractures .
The lower you go , the more natural your foot position will be .
It happens when you roll onto the outside of your foot .
The risk of developing osteoarthritis rises with a severe sprain or fracture of the ankle .
Although all high heels can cause problems , the ultra narrow heels of stilettos are particularly risky .
Solution : Chunky Heels
Although thick high heels can still put stress on the ball of your foot , they may reduce the tripping hazard by minimizing your wobble .
That keeps the feet from functioning optimally and can lead to knee , hip , and back problems .
Heel pads can provide extra cushioning for achy heels .
Prescription orthotics can be pricey , but are sometimes covered by insurance .
Culprit : Flip-flops
In addition , many flip-flops provide no arch support .
A band of tissue called the plantar fascia runs along the bottom of the foot .
It pulls on the heel when you walk - and it works best with the proper arch in your foot .
Walking barefoot , or in flimsy shoes without sufficient arch support , can overstretch , tear , or inflame the plantar fascia .
Sporty , fitted sandals and other " toning shoes " are designed for a more intense workout while walking .
And Brenner points out , "they do have really good arch support . "
" That throws off the biomechanics of walking , " Brenner says .
Better : Flatter platforms
Although still not recommended , a flatter platform shoe may put less strain on your feet than its peers .
This will lessen the pressure on the ball of the foot .
Culprit : Pointy toes
After time , this can cause nerve pain , bunions , blisters , and hammertoes .
It forms when the tissue or bone at the base joint gets displaced .
Pointy-toed shoes are a common factor , which explains the prevalence of bunions among women .
Problem : Toe Deformities
Surgery is sometimes needed to relieve the pain of severe hammertoe .
If that style does n't appeal to you , look for shoes that slope to a point beyond the edge of your toes .
Brenner also suggests choosing a softer material , rather than stiff leather .
The 12-inch mega-heels seen in her " Bad Romance " video are equally risky .
Performance pumps offer a sound compromise , taking both fashion and your health into consideration .
They are typically made with reinforced heels , athletic shoe construction , and more wiggle room for your toes .
Nine out of 10 women are wearing shoes that are too small .
Solution : Measure your feet
These conditions can increase the risk of osteoarthritis .
This footwear fad carries the same risk - including hammertoes , bunions , and pain .
At the office , a classic pair of oxfords or loafers may not turn heads , but your feet will thank you .
Brenner is not impressed .
In addition , in some brands , the products interfere with the natural walking position .
This style can help with joint pain , according to Brenner .
3 Tips for better shoes
* Choose a chunky heel that is less than 2 inches high .
France , Germany Show Solidarity on Greek Economy
Greece , a nation in the eurozone and part of the single currency , is in major debt .
She said that private investors should participate only on a voluntary basis .
He added that their program has to be put in place quickly .
" Because otherwise , if you have a settlement and there is just a restructuring that allows some payments to be made later and none of the principles to be reduced , for example , then you 're just going to end up in the same situation a year or two down the road . "
And on Wednesday , tens of thousands of people turned out in the streets to protest against tax hikes and spending cuts .
And I think they should demand that their government not accept any terms that does n't get the economy growing immediately . "
EVBCorpus
A new study released Wednesday shows that it 's even worse than previously thought : 1,152 women are raped every day , a rate equal to 48 per hour .
" The numbers are astounding , " she said .
On average 29 Congolese women out of every 1,000 had been raped nationwide .
The authors of the study used figures from a government health survey and pooled data from across the country .
" Conflict-related sexual violence is one of the major obstacles to peace in the Congo .
Wallstrom said she consistently stresses that " the number of reported violations are just the tip of the iceberg of actual incidents . "
Sex and coffee " trigger stroke "
The Stroke Association said more research was needed to see if the triggers caused the rupture .
The researchers at the University Medical Center in Utrecht looked at 250 patients for three years to identify what triggers ruptures .
They found that coffee was responsible for more than one in 10 burst brain aneurysms .
Being startled increased the risk by more than 23 times , but was responsible for just 2.7 % of cases .
Dr Vlak advised that : " Reducing caffeine consumption or treating constipated patients with unruptured intracranial brain aneurysms with laxatives may lower the risk of subarachnoid haemorrhage . "
However , it 's very difficult to determine whether the triggers identified in this study are definitely related to the onset of a stroke as they could simply be put down to coincidence .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The sons of Osama Bin Laden have criticised the US authorities for carrying out his " arbitrary killing " .
Relatives who survived the 2 May raid should be freed .
The statement printed by the New York Times was attributed to Bin Laden 's fourth son , Osama Bin Laden , who has repeatedly distanced himself from his father 's ideology .
Humiliation
The statement also said the US decision to bury Bin Laden 's corpse at sea had deprived the family of performing religious rites .
They argue Bin Laden 's killing had broken international law and that figures such as former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic had been given the chance to stand trial .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Even older kids might be intrigued by how baked goods and meals come together .
Older kids can be taught how to crack eggs or measure ingredients .
* School-age kids can learn some cooking basics and use their math skills as they help combine ingredients for recipes .
Teens also might be interested in trying different cuisines .
Choose the right time
It 's also a smart idea to have another adult in the kitchen to help you keep an eye on your junior chef .
Then your child wo n't have to wait it out while you tackle a complicated step .
You also might set up a pizza-making assembly line where kids can choose their own mini-crusts , sauces , cheeses , and toppings .
When you 've chosen a recipe , think about which steps your child can do independently .
An older child might be able to measure out ingredients and add them unassisted .
Stress safety
* Give frequent reminders about what 's OK to touch and which items can hurt them .
Loosen up
To prevent cooking disasters , be sure your child is n't measuring ingredients over the bowl - risking a big oops .
Even if everything does n't go perf ectly , try to keep the mood light .
Offer them first taste of whatever you cooked together - and ask what you should make together next time .
Gout
Gout
An abnormality in handling uric acid and crystallization of these compounds in joints can cause attacks of painful arthritis , kidney stones , and blockage of the kidney filtering tubules with uric acid crystals , leading to kidney failure .
The small joint at the base of the big toe is the most common site for an attack .
These painful attacks usually subside in hours to days , with or without medication .
Gout is nine times more common in men than in women .
However , only a small portion of those with hyperuricemia will actually develop gout .
Certain drugs and diseases can also cause elevated levels of uric acid .
What gout looks like : The big toe
See your doctor even if your pain from gout is gone .
Over time , they can harm your joints , tendons , and other tissues .
People may experience gout with deposits of uric acid crystals in their finger joints .
Gout can also attack joints such as the elbows and the knees .
Gout is considered when a patient reports a history of repeated attacks of painful arthritis , especially at the base of the toes or in the ankles and knees .
Diagnosing gouty arthritis : Joint fluid analysis
Maintaining adequate fluid intake helps prevent acute gout attacks and decreases the risk of kidney stone formation in people with gout .
More prevention techniques
Foods rich in purines include shellfish and organ meats , such as liver , brains , and kidneys .
Certain medications reduce the pain and inflammation of gout attacks , such as anti-inflammatory drugs ( ibuprofen and others ) , colchicines , and corticosteroids .
These medications include allopurinol , febuxostat , and probenicid .
Scientists recently reported that high animal protein slightly increased the risk for gout .
US election 2012 : Key Republicans sit out debate
The first debate on the road to the Republican 2012 presidential nomination is being held with most major potential candidates absent from the stage .
The debate - hosted by the South Carolina Republican Party and broadcast on Fox News - includes Mr Pawlenty , former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson , former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum , Congressman Ron Paul and former pizza restaurant magnate Herman Cain .
Tea Party role
Mr Obama 's poll numbers indicate he is vulnerable , due in large part to the poor state of the US economy .
They include the uncertain role of the populist Tea Party , the consolidation of power among hard-right conservative Republicans and the perceived weakness of would-be front-runner Mr Romney .
By contrast , in May 2007 - when both Republican and Democratic nominations were open - a South Carolina Republican debate included two sitting senators , four former governors , three US congressmen , and a former New York City mayor .
Meanwhile , the Associated Press , America 's most wide-reaching news agency , has said it is boycotting Thursday 's debate to protest against the Fox News channel 's restrictions on coverage by its photographers
Apple secures patents on China stores
Apple has a patchy record in securing patents and trademarks in this fast-growing but challenging market .
In the past , Apple has sometimes been slow to register patents or trademarks in China early enough .
" Therefore , these patents can be used without compensation in China .
" People criticise the China IP environment , and I am not saying China has the perfect system ... but ( with ) a lot of really big listed US companies -- their IP protection is a joke . "
The cost of protecting IP in China is a fraction of that in the west , Mr Papageorgiou said .
EVBCorpus
They were discussing their hopes and dreams .
I will take kings and queens across the waters and sail to the corners of the world .
I will be the greatest tree of all time and people will always remember me . "
The tree was happy , because he knew that the carpenter would make him into a treasure chest .
When the woodsmen came upon the third tree , the tree was frightened because he knew that if they cut him down his dreams would not come true .
This was not at all what he had prayed for .
The third tree was cut into large pieces and left alone in the dark .
The man wished that he could have made a crib for the baby , but this manger would have to do .
While they were out on the water , a great storm arose and the tree did n't think it was strong enough to keep the men safe .
It was carried through the streets as the people mocked the man who was carrying it .
The moral of this story is that when things do n't seem to be going your way , always know that God has a plan for you .
We do n't always know what God 's plans are for us .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
About Rabies
However , worldwide about 50,000 people die from rabies each year , mostly in developing countries where programs for vaccinating dogs against rabies do n't exist .
If you suspect that your child has been bitten by a rabid animal , go to the emergency department immediately .
About 7,000 cases of rabies in animals are reported each year to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) .
Skunks and foxes also can be infected with rabies , and a few cases have been reported in wolves , coyotes , bobcats , and ferrets .
An infected animal has the rabies virus in its saliva and can transmit it to a person through biting .
Signs and Symptoms
As the infection progresses , someone infected with rabies may develop any of these symptoms :
confusion
muscle spasms
weakness or paralysis ( when a person cannot move some part of the body )
In the advanced stage of the infection , as it spreads to other parts of the nervous system , these symptoms may develop :
abnormal movements of the diaphragm and muscles that control breathing
If Your Child Is Bitten by an Animal
Wash the bite area with soap and water for 10 minutes and cover the bite with a clean bandage .
Call local animal-control authorities to help find the animal that caused the bite .
Notify your local health department , particularly if the animal has n't been vaccinated .
If you suspect that your child has been bitten by an unknown dog , bat , rat , or other animal , contact your doctor immediately or take your child to the emergency department .
To keep any potential infection from spreading , the doctor may decide to start treating your child right away with shots of human rabies immune globulin to the wound site and vaccine shots in the arm .
Vaccinate your pets - dogs , cats , and ferrets .
They should never touch or feed stray cats or dogs wandering in the neighborhood or elsewhere .
your child has been exposed to an animal that might have rabies , but is too young to describe the contact with the animal
Date reviewed : November 2010
A question of attitude
This shortens the telomere and , after 50-70 such divisions ( a number known as the Hayflick limit , after its discoverer ) , a chromosome can grow no shorter and the cell it is in can divide no more .
The rapidly dividing cells in a tumour soon hit the Hayflick limit and the process is brought to a screeching halt .
You do not want it to happen too quickly , particularly in tissues that have to do a lot of dividing in order to work properly , such as those in the immune system .
It has been known for some time that chronic stress ( caring for a child with a protracted illness , for example ) causes premature shortening of the telomeres .
A group of researchers led by Edward Nelson of the University of California , Irvine , showed that it is n't .
The study found that such counselling worked , both mentally and physically .
They also showed improvements in the strength of their immune systems .
Not only did counselling stop telomere shrinkage , it actually promoted telomere growth .
Their Hayflick countdowns were being reset .
A single such result must , of course , be treated with caution .
If Dr Nelson 's work is successfully replicated , it will shine more light on the ill-understood relationship between the health of the mind and the health of the body .
Nothing , that is , except their attitude .
No release of Bin Laden photos
US officials had been discussing whether to publish pictures of Bin Laden 's body to counter conspiracy theories that he did not die .
The BBC 's Paul Adams in Washington says that President Obama has clearly decided that releasing the photos is not worth the risk .
Mr Carney said the administration had been monitoring world reaction and there was no doubt that al-Qaeda believed Bin Laden was dead .
The fact of the matter is , you won't see Bin Laden walking on this Earth again ," Mr Obama said .
" It is important for us to make sure that very graphic photos of somebody who was shot in the head are not floating around as an incitement to additional violence , " he added .
" In my opinion there 's no end served by releasing a picture of someone who has been killed , " he said , quoted by CNN.
I 'm afraid the decision made today by President Obama will unnecessarily prolong this debate . "
The decision came as US officials began to comb through computer hard-drives , mobile phones and USB sticks found during the US Navy Seals raid on the compound in Abbottabad where Bin Laden was hiding .
But Mr Holder said Bin Laden was a lawful military target , whose killing was " an act of national self-defence " .
Two of Bin Laden 's couriers and one woman also died in Monday 's assault , while one of the al-Qaeda leader 's wives was injured .
The compound where the operation took place is just a few hundred metres from the Pakistan Military Academy .
Pakistan rejected the US suggestions it could not have been trusted in advance .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama 's job approval rating jumped 11 points to 57 percent after the killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in Pakistan , but Americans fear another attack , polls showed on Wednesday .
Bin Laden , who had become the face of Islamist militancy since masterminding the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States , was shot in the head by U.S. forces who stormed his compound in Pakistan on Monday after a decade-long manhunt .
About 40 percent of respondents in that poll said they were also a lot more confident that the United States can succeed in its " war against Islamic terrorism , " while 34 percent said they were only a little more confident .
Obama plans to start a withdrawal of some U.S. forces from the unpopular war in July .
The New York Times/CBS poll said that former President George W. Bush received an 8-point boost after the capture of Saddam Hussein in Iraq in 2003 , but that bounce evaporated within a month .
Voters are expected to focus again on domestic concerns crucial to his 2012 re-election prospects .
Obama lays wreath at Ground Zero
US President Barack Obama is visiting Ground Zero , the site of the 9/11 attacks in New York , four days after US forces killed al-Qaeda head Osama Bin Laden in Pakistan .
The visit comes a day after the US president said graphic photographs of Bin Laden 's dead body would not be made public .
But it also warned it would review co-operation with the US if there were any more unilateral raids such as the one that killed Bin Laden .
He told firefighters : " We are going to make sure that the perpetrators of that horrible act will see justice . "
The BBC 's Barbara Plett , in New York , says the Obama administration is very sensitive to accusations that the president is politicising his visit .
Ground Zero is now a building site , with construction scheduled for completion in 2013 .
Mr Obama has decided not to publish photos of Bin Laden 's body , saying the images could pose a national security risk .
That 's not who we are , " Mr Obama said .
Courier killed ?
They told respected media outlets , including the New York Times , that only one individual - a courier for Bin Laden - fired at US special forces .
And the White House had given the impression that an armed Osama Bin Laden had been killed in a shoot-out .
In Pakistan , there are continuing recriminations over the failure to arrest or locate Bin Laden .
However , Pakistani public opinion has been critical of the perceived violation of national sovereignty by the US raid .
The calls - from a Saudi man - concerned financial transactions .
Gonorrhea
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Gonorrhea is a sexually transmitted disease ( STD ) caused by bacteria called Neisseria gonorrhoeae .
You cannot catch gonorrhea from a towel , a doorknob , or a toilet seat .
A girl who has gonorrhea may have no symptoms at all or her symptoms may be so mild that she doesn't notice them until they become more severe .
Girls may also experience vaginal bleeding between menstrual periods .
Guys who have gonorrhea are much more likely to notice symptoms , although a guy can have gonorrhea and not know it .
How Long Until There Are Symptoms ?
In girls , the infection can move into the uterus , fallopian tubes , and ovaries ( causing PID ) and can lead to scarring and infertility ( the inability to have a baby ) .
Gonorrhea infection during pregnancy can cause problems for the newborn baby , including meningitis ( an inflammation of the membranes around the brain and spinal cord ) and an eye infection that can result in blindness if it is not treated .
In both guys and girls , untreated gonorrhea can affect other organs and parts of the body including the throat , eyes , heart , brain , skin , and joints , although this is less common .
He or she will do an exam which may include checking a urine sample , or for a girl , swabbing the vagina or cervix for discharge , which will then be analyzed .
Talk to your doctor about which test is best for you .
Anyone with whom you 've had sex should also be tested and treated for gonorrhea immediately .
It 's better to prevent gonorrhea than to treat it , and the only way to completely prevent the infection is to abstain from all types of sexual intercourse .
Why Apple is Making OS X More Like iOS
Why Apple is Making OS X More Like iOS
Some lamented that this has been a bad thing--as if features that work , in some cases , better on iOS than on the desktop , should n't be added to OS X , because the former is a mobile operating system , and the latter built for the desktop .
Out of $ 39.2 billion in revenue , the iPhone and iPad represented three quarters of the company 's sales .
At the same time , there 's another stat Apple presents during its quarterly earning announcemen ts : Half of the Macs sold at the company 's retail stores are to new customers – to switchers .
While the icons are similar enough for them to figure out the link between these and their mobile equivalents , it would be a lot easier if they saw Calendar and Contacts ; Settings and Messages .
Apple 's Mac growth is impressive , but the company can do so much more to bring into the fold people who have already been converted to iOS.
In addition , Apple 's iCloud strategy is clearly designed to link the two types of devices .
With the rapprochement of the two operating systems , I can even picture a new commercial the company might run .
B : I 'm an iPad .
Taking the best of iOS and adding it to OS X will not weaken the desktop plat form , as some have sugges te d; the features being added are those that have proven effective on mobile devices .
Petraeus to lead CIA , Panetta to head Pentagon
US President Barack Obama has nominated Gen David Petraeus , the US head of international forces in Afghanistan , as the new CIA director and has named the agency 's chief as head of the Pentagon .
The Senate must still confirm the changes .
" These are the leaders that I 've chosen to help guide us through the difficult days ahead , " Mr Obama said with Mr Gates , Mr Panetta , Gen Petraeus and other officials standing next to him at the White House .
" I will look to them and my entire national security team for their counsel , continuity and unity of effort that this moment in history demands , " Mr Obama said of his newly nominated staff .
Gen Petraeus will be replaced in Afghanistan by Lt Gen Allen , currently deputy head of US Central Command - the command unit covering central Asia and the Middle East .
9 came to us out of Afghanistan .
He knows first-hand the life and death importance that good intelligence plays in protecting the security of the United States . "
Mr Panetta , a 72-year-old Democrat from California , served as chief of staff to President Bill Clinton between 1994 and 1997 and took over at the CIA in February 2009 .
Yet this is also a time for hard choices , " said Mr Panetta .
EVBCorpus
UN 's Ban Ki-moon calls for Thailand-Cambodia ceasefire
The fighting took place west of the disputed Preah Vihear temple , where deadly clashes erupted in February .
Thousands of villagers evacuated from their homes because of the fighting were sheltering in camps on either side of the porous border .
An international court awarded the Preah Vihear temple to Cambodia in 1962 but both sides claim ownership of the surrounding area .
Your mouth , your health
The research is n't conclusive , but red , swollen , and bleeding gums may point to health problems of heart disease or diabetes .
Left untreated , gum disease can increase your risk for a host of diseases linked to inflammation .
Researchers are n't sure why this association exists .
Are you at risk ?
Elevated blood sugars increase the risk of developing gum disease .
See your dentist at least once a year .
Saliva helps protect teeth and gums from bacteria that cause cavities and gingivitis .
Antihistamines , decongestants , painkillers , and antidepressants are among the drugs that can cause dry mouth .
Stress and teeth grinding
Stress also leads to poor oral care ; more than 50 % of people do n't brush or floss regularly when stressed .
Bacteria from periodontitis , which is severe gum disease , can also break down the jaw bone .
Pale gums and anemia
As a result , your body does n't get enough oxygen .
A dentist may be the first to notice signs of an eating disorder such as bulimia .
Thrush and HIV
The body 's weakened immune system and its inability to stave off infections are to blame .
Inflammation may be the common denominator between the two .
Tooth loss and kidney disease
Gum disease and premature birth
Underlying inflammation or infections may be to blame .
Healthy gums should look pink and firm , not red and swollen .
A kid 's guide to divorce
Do you know someone whose parents are divorced ?
Read on to find out what divorce is and what you can do to help your family , your friends , or yourself when people get divorced .
A divorce happens after a husband and wife decide they ca n't live together anymore and no longer want to be married .
But sometimes they just ca n't fix the problems and decide that a divorce is the best solution .
Some kids have mixed feelings about it , especially if they know their parents were n't happy together .
Although it 's true that the kid of a divorced couple usually lives with only one parent most of the time , the parent who lives somewhere else is still that kid 's mom or dad - forever .
Maybe they 've grown apart .
Whatever the reasons are , one thing is for sure : Kids do n't cause divorce .
Divorce is between moms and dads onl y !
Kids ca n't fix divorce !
The opposite is also true .
If your family is going through a divorce or you 're helping a friend through it , there are a few important things about feelings you need to remember .
Meanwhile , there are ways you can deal with the feelings you have .
If you feel really angry , say so .
Sometimes just talking to someone else is a big relief .
When the person who 's listening can say something back to you like , " No wonder you feel that way , I totally understand why you do , " it can help you feel better .
Or , if that does n't feel right , find someone else you really like to talk to , maybe your brother or sister , a teacher , school counselor , neighbor , or grandparent .
If you have a friend whose parents are divorcing , try to be a good listener when your friend wants to talk .
When kids are very sad , mad , or worried , they may have trouble paying attention in class , focusing on homework , or even remembering what they 've just read .
These adults are trained to talk with people about their problems and help with feelings that are too intense .
When parents divorce , usually one parent moves out of the house and lives somewhere else .
Other kids live mostly with one parent and visit the other .
How often you can visit might depend partly on where everyone lives .
Sometimes problems come up when kids visit one parent and then go home to the other .
They wish that parents would just ask each other what they want to know .
Would n't you like to know what will happen in the future ?
In fact , you might be surprised at how good the future turns out to be !
Kenya fire : Nairobi pipeline blaze 'kills at least 75 "
A Red Cross official , Pamela Indiaka , said at least 75 bodies had been recovered .
'Parts of bodies '
The fuel had leaked into a storm drain from the Nairobi-Mombasa pipeline , the Kenya Pipeline Company said in a statement .
Some of the shacks were built on top of the pipeline , residents say .
One of the survivors , Jane Mumbua , said many people were close to the pipeline at the time of the blast .
Resident Joseph Mwangi , 34 , discovered the remains of his two small children in the burnt wreckage of his home .
Blood donor appeal
Richard Leresian , the head of the Kenyatta National Hospital , said 112 people had been brought to the hospital , most of them with severe burns .
There have been other deaths in Kenya involving people collecting leaking fuel .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
It can also pass through a pregnant woman 's bloodstream to infect her unborn child .
It is caused by the rubella virus ( not the same virus that causes measles ) , which is usually transmitted by droplets from the nose or throat that others breathe in .
It can also pass through a pregnant woman 's bloodstream to infect her unborn child .
Before a vaccine against rubella became available in 1969 , rubella epidemics occurred every 6-9 years , most often among kids 5 to 9 years old .
Thanks to immunization , there are far fewer cases of rubella and congenital rubella .
In fact , experts estimate that 10 % of young adults are currently susceptible to rubella , which could pose a danger to children they might have someday .
C ) and swollen lymph nodes , usually in the back of the neck or behind the ears .
The rash can itch and lasts up to 3 days .
Rubella in a pregnant woman can cause congenital rubella syndrome , with potentially devastating consequences for the developing fetus .
Contagiousness
Infants who have congenital rubella syndrome can shed the virus in urine and fluid from the nose and throat for a year or more and may pass the virus to people who have not been immunized .
Widespread immunization against rubella is critical to controlling the spread of the disease , thereby preventing birth defects caused by congenital rubella syndrome .
If you are thinking about becoming pregnant , make sure that you 're immune to rubella through a blood test or proof of immunization .
The incubation period for rubella is 14-23 days , with an average incubation period of 16-18 days .
Duration
Lymph nodes may remain swollen for a week or more , and joint pain can last for more than 2 weeks .
Rubella cannot be treated with antibiotics because they do not work against viral infections .
Monitor your child 's temperature and call the doctor if the fever climbs too high .
Call the doctor if your child develops a fever of 102 ° F ( 38.9° C ) or above ( in a child younger than 6 months , call for a fever above 100.4°F , or 38 ° C ) , or if your child appears to be getting sicker than the mild course of symptoms described above .
Photographers ' bodies ferried from Misrata to Benghazi
The bodies of two award-winning photographers killed in Libya have been ferried to the rebel-held city of Benghazi on an aid ship .
Two other journalists were injured , including Briton Guy Martin .
Mr Hetherington 's family said he was killed by a rocket-propelled grenade .
In addition to taking aid , the ferry used to transport the bodies is also being used to evacuate the injured and foreigners fleeing Misrata .
The bodies were taken to Benghazi , the defacto rebel capital , in eastern Libya .
New York-based photographer Michael Christopher Brown , who is also being treated for shrapnel injuries , is said to be up and walking .
Mr Hetherington , who had dual UK and US citizenship , was best known for his work in Afghanistan and won the World Press Photo of the Year Award in 2007 .
The Libyan government has expressed " sadness " over the photographers ' deaths but spokesman Moussa Ibrahim said there were always casualties in war , adding : "People die from our side , from their side , people get caught in the middle . "
Bonds and eurobonds
The idea of eurozone economies clubbing together to issue bonds representing all 17 member nations has been gathering momentum in recent days .
But those that really matter are less keen .
What is a government bond ?
In return for the investor 's cash , the government promises to pay a fixed rate of interest over a specific period - say 4 % every year for 10 years .
So what is a eurobond ?
What is a bond market ?
So , for example , if the markets think that interest rates are going to rise sharply , then the value of a bond paying a fixed rate of 4 % for the next 10 years will fall .
The yield is the return received by an investor who buys the bond at today 's market price .
The interest payment ( the coupon ) is still 4 euros per year .
Why do bond markets matter ?
But those bonds have to pay an annual interest rate which is close to the current yield for bonds which it has issued earlier and are now being traded in the market ( see above ) .
What is a rating agency ?
AAA , Ba3 , Ca , CCC... they look like some kind of hyper-active school report .
These letters have been all over the coverage of the financial impact of the crisis besetting the eurozone .
A change to the score means a change to the amount a borrower must pay its debt-holders , something that can make it more expensive to borrow as investors demand a higher rate of return for taking on more risky debt .
They are credit-rating agencies , which exist to assess the credit-worthiness of bond issuers - companies or , as in this case , countries who borrow money by issuing IOUs known as bonds .
Do we need them and how do they work out whether to give the top-of-the-class AAA or a lower grade , such as CCC , which - sticking with the schools analogy - means the issuer is probably planning on bunking off ?
Poor and Moody
The two businesses joined forces in the 1940s .
Fitch , with another eponymous founder , John Fitch , was set up in 1913 and is a smaller version of the other two .
There are hosts of other ratings agencies , whose names rarely appear even within the darker corners of the financial pages - so why are these three businesses the ones everyone watches ?
In 1975 , it acknowledged these three as Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations ( NRSRO ) .
An insurance company 's strength is also judged by the ratings applied to the investment reserves it holds .
It can mean regulated funds must now sell these bonds .
A big sell-off adds in market forces - more sellers than buyers - reducing the price further .
Although the SEC has 10 NRSROs on its approved list , including a Canadian agency and two Japanese ones , the big three - Standard & Poor 's , Moody 's and Fitch - remain the industry standard-bearers .
What of their actual methods ?
That seems to cover everything .
Similar dramatic swings have been taking place in the ratings applied to government-backed - rather than private property-supported debt .
That would mean a big rise in the annual interest bill which has to be met by taxpayers .
When asked why it changes ratings , S&P responded : " The reasons for ratings adjustments vary , and may be broadly related to overall shifts in the economy or business environment - or more narrowly focused on circumstances affecting a specific industry , entity , or individual debt issue . "
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
KABUL , Afghanistan - An insurgent wearing an Afghan Army uniform and a vest laced with explosives opened fire inside the heavily fortified Ministry of Defense headquarters on Monday , killing at least two soldiers , a ministry spokesman said .
Soldiers shot the attacker before he could detonate his vest , said the Afghan military spokesman , Gen. Zahir Azimi .
Their seemingly easy access to even the most heavily guarded locations has intensified concerns over Taliban infiltration of the police and military forces , just as they are preparing to take over security from the American-led coalition in some parts of the country this summer and the entire country by the end of 2014 .
Zabiullah Mu jaheed , a Taliban spokesman , said the insurgent was from Panjshir Province - the heartland of the Northern Alliance , which helped the United States oust the Taliban in 2001 - and had been serving in the Afghan Army for three years .
" We do n't know whether he was a member of the army or not , " he said .
It does n't mean he was an army soldier .
General Azimi said the attacker entered the compound about 11:30 a.m. and opened fire , killing two soldiers and wounding seven close to the defense minister 's office before being fatally shot .
Kabul , looking for other possible attackers late in the afternoon .
A doctor at Kabul 's military hospital said three soldiers had been killed ; there was no immediate explanation for the discrepancy in the death toll .
He had been scheduled to attend a joint news conference with Afghan military officials at 1:30 p.m.
On Saturday , a suicide bomber killed five NATO service members in eastern Afghanistan .
" U sing these kinds of attacks is very useful for us in recruiting someone and working inside Afghan forces , " Mr. Mu jaheed , the Taliban spokesman , said in a telephone interview after Saturday 's attack .
General Azimi said the government was working to root out insurgents from the army and police forces , but acknowledged that the task was daunting .
" You know , finding uniforms is easy , " General Azimi said .
Besides , you can find them in the provinces as well . "
Three more police officers were killed Sunday night in Oruzgan Province when their vehicle struck an improvised explosive device , said the provincial police chief , Fazal Ahmad Shirzad .
EVBCorpus
About 48,000 families who lived within 30km ( 18 miles ) of the Fukushima Daiichi plant will be eligible .
" Tokyo Electric Company ( Tepco ) is to make an urgent and speedy payment in order to compensate for the losses incurred by evacuation and orders to stay indoors , " said chief government spokesman Yukio
The BBC 's correspondent in Tokyo , Roland Buerk , says the payments are the first of what is likely to be a massive compensation bill .
Protests
With businesses shut , fields untended and fishing abandoned many have lost their livelihoods as well as their homes , our correspondent says .
It will take some time until everyone gets money .
The ministry said the government 's approach to Tepco was a request , not an order .
The accident has not ended .
We will continue to ask the government and Tepco to fully compensate evacuees , " said the governor of Fukushima , Yuhei Sato .
They have discharged waste water with low levels of radioactivity into the sea to make room to store more highly contaminated waste water on site .
Up to 1,000 bodies are thought to be in the area , but their retrieval has been delayed because of radiation fears.
More than 150,000 have been made homeless
China 's property price fall sparks growth worries
The worry is that if property prices fall further then it will hurt growth in the world 's second-largest economy .
If it falls below that figure , they argue , the country may find it more difficult to maintain domestic demand , boost infrastructure investment and accelerate job creation .
Egypt 's authorities have extended the detention of ousted President Hosni Mubarak for another 15 days .
Mr Mubarak was forced out of power on 11 February after a popular uprising .
More than 20 Mubarak-era ministers and businessmen linked to the regime have been detained since Mr Mubarak 's departure .
US School Tries to Build Healthier Food Culture
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Anelementary school in Washington , D.C. , has launched an innovative program to provide a more healthful food culture for its students .
This year the school started a special program to weave food topics into its third-grade math and English curricula .
According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the rate of childhood obesity in the United States has tripled during the past 30 years .
The Farm to Desk program has three parts : a curricular component where teachers use food content in classes , a garden where the kids participate in planting and harvesting and a cafeteria which prepares and serves wholesome , nutritious meals .
And for those that do not get it at home , we make sure they receive it here . "
The healthful approach extends to the cafeteria at E.W. Stokes Public Charter School , where students can help themselves to the salad bar .
" I like it because I get to learn what is good to eat . "
We have a salad bar at school .
The children are now looking at the nutrition labels on food packages to read how much sugar or fat each contains .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
This article will describe 10 steps you can take to minimize the impact of a personal financial crisis .
This means you can take your money out at any time without incurring a financial loss .
Do n't invest in stocks or other higher-risk investments until you have several months " worth of cash in liquid accounts .
It depends on your financial obligations and your risk tolerance .
2 . Make a Budget
A budget is not a parent - it ca n't and wo n't force you to change your behavior - but it is a useful tool that can help you decide if you 're happy with where your money is going and with where you stand financially .
3 . Prepare to Minimize Your Monthly Bills
Start by looking at your budget and see where you might currently be wasting money .
Explore how to switch to a bank that offers free checking .
You might find ways you can start cutting your costs now just to save money .
You may be able to trim your utility bills .
There 's no reason to waste any money on late fees or finance charges , yet families do it all the time .
Simply being organized can save you a lot of money when it comes to your monthly bills - one late credit card payment per month could set you back $ 300 over the course of a year .
Schedule electronic payments or mail checks so your payment arrives several days before it is due .
5 . Take Stock of Your Non-Cash Assets and Maximize Their Value
Do you have extra food in your house that you can plan meals around to lower your grocery bills ?
Knowing what you have can also prevent you from buying things you do n't need .
Getting rid of interest payments frees you to put your money toward more important things .
Just make sure that the savings from the lower interest rate are greater than the balance transfer fee .
Everyone has something they can do to earn extra money , whether it 's selling possessions you no longer use online or in a garage sale , babysitting , chasing credit card and bank account opening bonuses , freelancing or even getting a second job .
9 . Check Your Insurance Coverage
It 's also worth making sure that you have the coverage you really need , and not just a bare minimum .
If you keep the components of your car , home and physical health in top condition , you can catch and problems while they 're small , and avoid expensive repairs and medical bills later .
Conclusion
Coffee cuts prostate cancer risk " US study suggests
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Coffee has been linked to a reduced risk of dying from prostate cancer in a study of nearly 50,000 US men .
But charities say the evidence , reported in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute , is still unclear .
Unknown compounds
The study looked at about 48,000 men in the US who work as health professionals .
It had been a prosperous season .
We had a week of it and , then the whiskey gave out .
We had a week of it
Lead researcher Dr Kathryn Wilson , from the Harvard School of Public Health in Boston , said : " At present we lack an understanding of risk factors that can be changed or controlled to lower the risk of lethal prostate cancer .
" Heavy caffeine intake is associated with other health problems and men with benign prostate problems might well make urinary symptoms worse . "
Causes of dandruff
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Most of the time this shedding is unnoticeable .
Severe dandruff may be the result of psoriasis of the scalp .
It should not be left untreated .
Home cure remedy of dandruff
Too little oil or too much oil can result in dandruff .
Wash your head next morning .
Treat your hair like this once a week for at least three months .
3 . Take 1 part of almond oil , 1 part of pure sulphur powder , 2 parts of 'surgical spirit ' and 4 parts of distilled water or rose water and mix well .
4 . Take 2 cups of water , add 4-5 tablespoons of dried thyme and boil for 10 minutes .
Keep for half an hour .
Repeat it three or four times when the towel gets cold .
Dandruff will vanish and your hair will become thick .
Massage this paste on scalp and leave it for 15-20 minutes .
9 . Wash your hair with warm cider vinegar .
Rinse with plain water .
Wash it off with water .
Shampoo hair and apply with cotton to the scalp when the hair are still wet .
13 . Try Zest soap once a week .
It leaves your hair dry , so use conditioner to your hair only but try not to get it on your scalp .
Dandruff , a condition characterized by flaking , itchy scalp , is one of the most common dermatological conditions .
A healthy diet may ward off the flakes .
Research suggests that dandruff is at least in part caused by a fungus that thrives in yeasty , fatty , sugary environments .
3 . Limit the use of hair styling products .
If you notice dandruff soon after begin to use a new product , chances are the product is to blame .
If you already have dandruff , washing your hair may help you keep the symptoms ( the flakes ) until it goes away .
The first washing breaks up the waxy sebum , and the second washing helps rinse it .
There are a variety of anti-dandruff shampoos available at your pharmacy or grocery store , and they usually work .
Do this on a regular basis , at least twice a week for improvements .
1% Ketoconazole is available without prescription in the US , 2% requires a prescription .
9 . Switch it up .
Tips
* Another possible remedy consists of pouring a generous amount of table salt into your hand before showering .
Rinse it out in the shower , and shampoo normally .
A number of other conditions can lead to flaking skin and itchy scalp .
While some of these may indeed work , anti-dandruff shampoos are inexpensive enough to be adequate for most people .
* If you have hay fever , eczema , or other skin or respiratory allergies , your dandruff may be caused in part by an allergic reaction .
In this situation , you may find it helpful to shampoo LESS frequently , so the natural oils that protect your scalp aren't stripped away .
It will take two weeks to a month for the balance of oils on your hair and scalp to adjust itself .
If you don't rinse well , you will smell like vinegar .
You can buy a small bottle at groceries and health food stores , and add 5-6 drops to your regular shampoo .
* Buy and use two or three different types of regular shampoo and don't use the same one two days in a row .
They contain either anti-inflammatory ingredients ( like hydrocortisone ) or one of the active anti-dandruff ingredients .
* Discontinue use of any anti-dandruff shampoo or medication if the condition worsens or spreads , or if you notice side effects .
* Watch out for shampoos that are packaged to look like dandruff shampoos but only say that they will rinse away loose dandruff .
It's a foaming compound that 's a mild irritant .
China AIDS sufferers being denied medical care
China AIDS sufferers being denied medical care
Based on interviews with 103 people living with HIV and 23 healthcare workers , the ILO and China 's National Center for STD and AIDS Prevention and Control found that people have been refused medical care and have been discriminated against by healthcare workers .
" I 've visited many other hospitals and encountered similar denials and excuses such as a lack of equipment . "
" We should eliminate these designated hospitals , " said the doctor , who treats HIV-infected patients .
" I talked to them later ... and their worry is that in rural hospitals , when a HIV positive person receives procedures , very few people would visit the hospital .
Myth . Human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) is a virus that destroys the body 's CD4 immune cells , which help fight disease .
Fact .
You have just a few years to live
You can help prevent HIV from progressing to AIDS by seeing your doctor regularly and following your doctor 's recommendations .
Myth . Some people don't show any signs of HIV for years after being infected .
These first symptoms are similar to the flu or mononucleosis and may include fever , fatigue , rash , and sore throat .
HIV can be cured
Your doctor will consider your general health , the health of your immune system , and the amount of virus in your body to decide when to start treatment .
Anyone can get HIV - men , women , and children .
Women account for 27 % of new infections , and children 13 % .
Just because you and your partner both have HIV , doesn't mean you should forget about protection when you have sex .
Fact . Infected mothers can indeed pass HIV to their babies during pregnancy or delivery .
Myth . Due to weakened immune systems , people with HIV can be vulnerable to infections like pneumocystis pneumonia , tuberculosis , candidiasis , cytomegalovirus , and toxoplasmosis .
Some infections can be prevented with drugs .
There are government programs , nonprofit groups , and some pharmaceutical companies that may help cover of the cost of HIV/AIDS drugs .
Talk to your local HIV/AIDS service organization to learn about financial help .
EVBCorpus
Asian stocks have fallen on Friday , following a major sell-off in European and US markets .
South Korea 's main Kospi index lost 3.6 % , while Australia 's ASX shed 0.8 % .
A number of gloomy comments about global growth combined to sour market sentiment .
These comments weighed on markets despite attempts by policymakers to inject some urgency into their attempts to fix the European debt crisis .
" Eurozone governments and institutions must act swiftly to resolve the euro crisis and all European economies must confront the debt overhang to prevent contagion to the wider global economy ," leaders from Australia , Canada , Indonesia , Britain , Mexico , South Africa and South Korea said in an open letter to France .
Separately , the major emerging nations that form the Brics countries - Brazil , Russia , India , China and South Africa - said they may lend money to the IMF and other financial institutions to help ease global financing issues .
" We 'll certainly be caught in the downdraught of negative sentiment for markets today , " said Michael McCarthy , chief market strategist from CMC Markets in Sydney .
However , he added that in the future , Asia 's better economic growth may help markets bounce back .
EVBCorpus
In delivery room scenes on TV and in the movies , the mother-to-be , often a famous actress in full makeup and with every hair in place , " delivers " a baby after a few token grunts and groans .
Seconds later , the doctor presents the glowing parents with a perfect picture - a neatly combed and scrubbed , cooing several-month-old infant .
Still , it helps to remember two things :
Following an uncomplicated vaginal delivery , you should have the opportunity to hold your baby within minutes after the birth .
But don't despair if circumstances prevent you from meeting your infant right away .
This position is similar to the fetal position during the last months of pregnancy .
These reflexes include the :
* Moro reflex , or startle response , which causes an infant to suddenly throw the arms out to the sides and then quickly bring them back toward the middle of the body whenever the infant has been startled by a loud noise , bright light , strong smell , sudden movement , or other stimulus
This may be even more exaggerated during the first day or two of life in newborns whose mothers received certain types of pain medications or anesthesia during the labor or delivery .
But rest assured that it's normal for young infants to breathe somewhat irregularly .
However , if your infant turns blue or stops breathing for longer stretches of time , it 's considered an emergency and you should contact your child 's doctor immediately or go to the emergency room .
This situation permits the large head of the infant to be squeezed through the narrow birth canal without injury to mother or baby .
This sometimes bizarre appearance will go away over the next several days as the skull bones move into a more rounded configuration .
A smaller , triangle-shaped fontanel is found farther back on the head , where a beanie might be worn .
In addition to looking elongated , a newborn's head may have a lump or two as a result of the trauma of delivery .
Caput succedaneum is a circular swelling and bruising of the scalp usually seen on top of the head toward the back , which is the part of the scalp most often leading the way through the birth canal .
A cephalohematoma is a symptom of blood that has seeped under the outer covering membrane of one of the skull bones .
The lump is confined to one side of the top of the baby's head and , incontrast to caput succedaneum , may take a week or two to disappear .
It's important to remember that both caput succedaneum and cephalohematoma occur due to trauma outside of the skull — neither indicates that there has been any injury to the infant's brain .
That's why the photos you take of your baby later on at home usually look a lot different than those " new arrival " nursery shots .
Not to worry — that folded ear , flattened nose , or crooked jaw usually comes back into place over time .
A few minutes after birth , most infants open their eyes and start to look around at their environment .
When holding your newborn , you can encourage eye opening by taking advantage of your baby's " doll's eye " reflex , which is a tendency to open the eyes more when held in an upright position .
Parents are often curious to know what color eyes their infant will have .
Ears
Usually , these skin tags can be easily removed ( talk to your doctor ) .
Talk with your doctor about the use of salt-water nose drops and a bulb syringe to help clear the nasal passages if necessary .
When your newborn opens his or her mouth to yawn or cry , you may notice some small white spots on the roof of the mouth , usually near the center .
Chest
This is due to the female hormone estrogen passed to the fetus from the mother during pregnancy .
Despite what some parents believe , you should n't squeeze the breast tissue — it will not make the breasts shrink any faster than they will on their own .
The hands are usually tightly closed , and it may be difficult for you to open them up because touching or placing an object in the palms triggers a strong grasp reflex .
Infants ' fingernails can be long enough at birth to scratch their skin as they bring their hands to their faces .
You can usually move your newborn 's legs and feet into a " walking " position ; and this will happen naturally as the infant begins to bear weight , walk , and grow through the first 2 to 3 years of life .
When your baby cries or strains , you may also note that the skin over the central area of the abdomen may protrude between the strips of muscle tissue making up the abdominal wall on either side .
Following delivery , the cord is clamped or tied off before it 's cut to separate the infant from the placenta .
You may be instructed to swab the area with alcohol periodically or wash the area with soap and water if the stump becomes dirty or sticky to help prevent infection until the cord dries up and the stump falls off .
You should consult your baby 's doctor if the navel area becomes red or if a foul odor or discharge develops .
These hernias are generally harmless and are n't painful to the infant .
These techniques are ineffective and may result in skin infections or other injuries .
Why ?
The skin of the labia may be either smooth or somewhat wrinkled .
Although it 's much more common in boys , swelling in the groin of an infant girl can indicate the presence of an inguinal hernia .
This is usually due to a hydrocele , a common collection of fluid in the scrotum of infant boys that usually disappears during the first 3 to 6 months .
Infant boys also normally experience frequent penile erections , often just before they urinate .
If a newborn does n't urinate for what seems like a while at first , it may be that he or she urinated immediately after birth while still in the delivery room .
Although this is normal , certain other symptoms are not .
With boys circumcised and uncircumcised penises , no cotton swabs , astringents , or any special bath products are needed — simple soap and warm water every time you bathe your baby will do the trick .
How you take care of your baby 's penis may also vary depending on the type of circumcision procedure the doctor performs .
Be sure to discuss what after-care will be needed .
Instead , gently tense it against the tip of the penis and wash off any smegma ( the whitish " beads " of dead skin cells mixed with the body 's natural oil ) .
Over time , the foreskin will retract on its own so that it can be pulled away from the glans toward the abd omen .
Skin
Newborns are covered with various fluids at delivery , including amniotic fluid and often some blood ( the mother 's , not the baby 's ) .
Newborns are also coated with a thick , pasty , white material called vernix caseosa , most of which will be washed off during the baby 's first bath .
Mottling of the skin , a pattern of reddish and pale areas , is common because of the normal instability of the blood circulation at the skin 's surface .
Red marks , scratches , bruises , and petechiae are all common on the face and other body parts .
Most of this hair is usually shed in the uterus before the baby is delivered ; for this reason , lanugo is more frequently seen on babies born prematurely .
In any case , this hair will disappear in a few weeks .
Peeling skin may be present at birth in some infants , particularly those who are born past their due date .
However , pink or red areas , sometimes called salmon patches , are common and generally disappear within the first year .
Mongolian spots , flat patches of slate-blue or blue-green color that resemble ink stains on the back , but t ocks , or anywhere on the skin , are found in more than half of black , Native American , and Asian infants and less often in white babies .
These spots almost always fade or disappear within a few years .
Then , they usually shrink and disappear without treatment within the first 6 years .
These may deepen in color ( or may first appear ) as the child grows older .
Larger moles or those with an unusual appearance should be brought to a doctor 's attention because some may require removal .
Several harmless skin rashes and conditions may be present at birth or appear during the first few weeks .
Tiny , flat , yellow or white spots on the nose and chin , called milia and will disappear within the first few weeks .
Although miliaria often occurs on the face and may be present on large areas of the body , it 's a harmless condition that will go away within the first several weeks with normal skin care .
Pustular melanosis , a rash present at birth mainly in black infants , is characterized by dark brown bumps or blisters scattered over the neck , back , arms , legs , and palms , which disappear without treatment .
Newborn jaundice , a yellowish discoloration of the skin and white parts of the eyes , is a common condition that normally does n't appear until the second or third day after birth and disappears within 1 to 2 weeks .
Although a certain degree of this is expected , if an infant becomes jaundiced earlier than expected or their bilirubin level is higher than is normal , then the doctor will follow the baby very closely .
Getting to Know Your Little One
However , being responsible for such a seemingly fragile creature can be intimidating , particularly if you 're unfamiliar with how a normal newborn looks and behaves .
If you feel anxious or uncertain about any aspect of caring for your infant , do n't hesitate to consult your doctor , other health care professionals , or family or friends who have had experience caring for a newborn , too .
EVBCorpus
Syphilis
Syphilis is a sexually transmitted disease ( STD ) caused by a type of bacteria known as a
The spirochetes that cause syphilis can be passed from one person to another through direct contact with a syphilis sore during sexual intercourse ( vaginal , anal , or oral sex ) .
However , more recently there has been a steady increase in reported cases of syphilis , especially in young adults and in men who have male sexual partners .
What Are the Symptoms ?
There is often just one sore , but there may be several .
This type of sore is called a chancre ( pronounced : shang-ker ) .
After a few weeks , the chancre will disappear , but that 's not a sign that the disease has gone away .
In fact , if the infection hasn't been treated , the disease will continue to get worse .
Secondary Syphilis
Sometimes the rashes associated with syphilis can be very faint or look like rashes from other infections and , therefore , may not be noticed .
The symptoms of this secondary stage will go away with or without treatment .
Syphilis is still contagious during the secondary stage .
If syphilis still hasn't been treated yet , the person will have a period of the illness called latent ( hidden ) syphilis .
Even though the disease is " hiding , " the spirochetes are still in the body .
If the disease still hasn't been treated at this point , some develop tertiary ( or late-stage ) syphilis .
Symptoms of late syphilis can include difficulty walking , numbness , gradual blindness , and possibly even death .
If the syphilis is not treated , the second stage of the disease may occur anywhere from about 2 to 10 weeks after the original sore ( chancre ) .
It 's important to keep in mind that many people never notice any symptoms of syphilis .
What Can Happen ?
Brain damage and other serious health problems can occur , many of which can't be treated .
A woman who is pregnant and hasn't been effectively treated is at great risk of putting her baby in danger .
How Is It Treated ?
If you think you may have syphilis or if you have had sexual contact with someone who might have syphilis , see your doctor or gynecologist right away .
So it 's important to get checked on a regular basis , especially if you have had unprotected sex and_or more than one sex partner .
Someone who has been infected for a while will need treatment for a longer period of time .
Anyone with whom you 've had unprotected sex should also be checked for syphilis immediately .
Latex condoms are effective against most STDs ; however , if there are any sores or rashes that cannot be covered by the condom , it 's wise to not have sex until rashes or other skin breaks have healed and the person has seen a doctor for treatment .
France in shock as IMF chief charged with sex assault
France in shock as IMF chief charged with sex assault
The sexual assault charges throw the IMF into a leadership crisis just as it is trying to help ease an escalating euro zone debt crisis , and they turn France 's presidential election campaign upside down when polls had made Strauss-Kahn a clear front runner .
He was there on private business , the IMF said .
He was charged with a criminal sexual act , unlawful imprisonment and attempted rape .
The contrast could barely have been more dramatic .
They have collected DNA evidence from the hotel suite , The New York Times reported .
IMF CRISIS , ELECTION " THUNDERBOLT "
He had not yet declared his candidacy but Strauss-Kahn was widely expected to run for the Socialist Party and early opinion polls showed him with a big lead over the conservative incumbent , Nicolas Sarkozy , who is seeking a second term at the election next April .
If the facts prove true ... it 's something degrading for all women .
" I think it 's very likely a trap was set for Dominique Strauss-Kahn and he fell into it , " she told France 's BFM television .
" It 's a political bomb for domestic politics . "
Many politicians have fallen after being caught in extra-marital affairs and others have survived them , including former presidents John F. Kennedy and Bill Clinton as well as former French President Francois Mitterrand .
In 2008 , Strauss-Kahn apologized for " an error of judgment " after an affair with a female IMF economist who was his subordinate .
It will now face new scrutiny over whether that response was too weak , especially as there have been persistent rumors about Strauss-Kahn making sexual advances to women .
Witty , multi-lingual , a skilled public speaker and sharp back-room negotiator , Strauss-Kahn also weighed into thornier issues by urging China to let its currency rise in a dispute with the United States .
" This might definitely cause some delays in the short term , " a Greek official told Reuters on condition of anonymity .
Brafman , his U.S. lawyer , previously defended pop star Michael Jackson against child molestation charges as well as other celebrities in trouble .
He tried to lock her into the hotel room . "
Unlawful imprisonment carries a potential sentence of three to five years .
Strauss-Kahn arrest : IMF boss faces new bail hearing
International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) head Dominique Strauss-Kahn will make a new plea for bail at a court hearing on Thursday morning , his lawyer says .
Mr Strauss-Kahn 's lawyer , Benjamin Brafman , said the new bail hearing would be in Manhattan on Thursday morning .
The BBC 's Laura Trevelyan in New York says the defence will offer a new package that they hope will convince the judge that Mr Strauss-Kahn will not try to flee while he prepares his defence .
Earlier on Wednesday the maid 's lawyer , Jeffrey Shapiro , said that his client feared for herself and her daughter when she discovered Mr Strauss-Kahn 's identity a day after the incident on 14 May .
The woman had now been reunited with her 15-year-old daughter in a " safe place " , he added .
She has not had a moment of peace , has not been able to return home or seek help .
However , Mr Shapiro said there was " nothing consensual about what took place in that hotel room " in New York .
Mr Strauss-Kahn , one of France 's most high-profile politicians , has been seen as a front-runner in next year 's presidential elections .
Less educated people age faster , DNA study
People who leave education with fewer academic qualifications may grow old faster , according to a DNA study that compared groups of people who spent different lengths of time in education and found the ones who spent the least time had shorter telomeres or " caps " on the ends of their DNA , a sign of premature aging in cells .
Andrew Steptoe , BHF Professor of Psychology at UCL , and colleagues , wrote about their findings in a paper published recently in the journal Brain , Behavior , and Immunity .
The researchers set out to test the hypothesis that " shorter telomere length and telomerase activity would be related more robustly to education , an early life indicator of socioeconomic position , than to current indicators of socioeconomic circumstances " .
After adjusting for possible confounding factors , such as age , gender , various health indicators such as smoking and cholesterol , and lifestyle indicators such as exercise , they found that lower educational attainment was linked to shorter telomere length , while household income was not , and neither was employment grade .
In fact , the link between " telomere length and education remained significant after adjusting for current socioeconomic circumstance s , " they wrote .
The researchers also suggest that people with higher levels of education are probably better equipped with life skills like problem-solving that help them deal with the stresses of life , and this reduces the biological stress on their bodies , the so-called " allostatic load " .
Andrew Steptoe , Mark Hamer , Lee Butcher , Jue Lin , Lena Brydon , Mika Kivimäki , Michael Marmot , Elizabeth Blackburn , Jorge D. Erusalimsky .
What is the best and worst place to be a mother worldwide ?
What is the best and worst place to be a mother worldwide ?
For their study , Save the Children compared 165 countries around the world to determine which ones were the best and worst places to be a mother .
A woman in the US is more than 7 times as likely to die of a pregnancy-related cause in her lifetime than a woman in Italy or Ireland .
The State of the World 's Mothers Report says that nutrition is one of the main reasons why mothers and children are either better or worse off in a certain country .
Niger , in last place on the list , is going through a severe hunger problem , which as a result , is putting millions of children 's lives at stake .
To break the cycle of malnutrition amongst babies and mothers , the report suggests focusing on the first 1000 days - beginning from pregnancy .
" The 2012 State of the World 's Mothers report shows clearly that this crisis of chronic malnutrition has devastating effects on both mothers and their children .
Save the Children also says that the small task of urging mothers to breastfeed could be responsible for saving 1 million children 's lives each year .
They say this is because of certain nations not having access to informative programs which help mothers to exclusively breastfeed .
Miles continues :
Policy Recommendations :
• Low - and middle-income country governments should scale up nutrition programs around the first 1000 days , from a mother 's pregnancy to the child 's second birthday .
Copyright : Medical News Today
Dominique Strauss-Kahn : Ex-IMF boss wins New York bail
Dominique Strauss-Kahn : Ex-IMF boss wins New York bail
Mr Strauss-Kahn had earlier resigned as the International Monetary Fund 's boss .
Prosecutors said he had " incentive to flee " .
The judge said one armed guard must be deployed at all times , at Mr Strauss-Kahn 's expense , and the defendant must surrender all travel documents .
He will appear in court again on 6 June , when he will formally enter a plea .
Mr Strauss-Kahn 's wife , Anne Sinclair , was in court for Thursday 's hearing .
The prosecution said Mr Strauss-Kahn , 62 , had left the alleged crime scene with " unusual haste " and that any bail arrangement would be insufficient .
We simply don't know what other documents he has access to or could get . "
It 's great relief to the family to be able to have him with them . "
The incident allegedly took place at New York 's Sofitel hotel on 14 May .
His resignation has sparked debate about his successor .
EVBCorpus
Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu has rejected comments from US President Obama that a future Palestinian state must be based on the 1967 borders .
An estimated 300,000 Israelis live in settlements built in the West Bank , which lies outside those borders .
" The United States believes that negotiations should result in two states , with permanent Palestinian borders with Israel , Jordan , and Egypt , and permanent Israeli borders with Palestine , " he said .
" Among other things , those commitments relate to Israel not having to withdraw to the 1967 lines which are both indefensible and which would leave major Israeli population centers in Judea and Samaria beyond those lines , " it said .
Israel 's claim to being the only democratic state in the region has also been undermined by the dramatic developments of the Arab Spring anti-government uprisings , our correspondent adds .
Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak was later toppled in Egypt , with demonstrators in Libya currently working to overthrow dictator Moammar Gaddafi .
EVBCorpus
About 100,000 homes were evacuated on the southern Chinese island of Hainan as Typhoon Nesat threatened to cause landslides .
Typhoon Nesat made landfall in Hainan 's Wenchang city , packing winds of up to 150 km/h ( 93 mph ) .
Local radio reported that two people , including a taxi driver , were injured when scaffolding collapsed onto a taxi .
About 50 people had to be evacuated from a nearby block of flats .
image of Tropical Storm Pakhar
The coldest cloud top temperatures were as cold as -63F ( ~-52C ) and indicated the strongest thunderstorms with the heaviest rainfall .
Two deaths and 10 injuries were reported .
Flooded streets , damaged structures and downed trees were reported throughout .
There have been more than 400 cases of the disease this year , including the death of a six-year-old last month .
Dr Thomas Tsang , controller of Hong Kong 's Centre for Health Protection , said : " If the genetic mutation is responsible for the increased transmissibility of the bacteria , the outbreak may be sustained for some time . "
Scarlet fever infections have gone up around 5-fold in China , and 3-fold in Macau , about an hour by ferry from Hong Kong .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
However , economics has an impact on every moment of our lives because , at its heart , it is a study of choices and why and how we make them .
Scarcity
For example , there is only so much wheat grown every year .
Or , more importantly , how much beer to make ?
Take beer again .
This demand means you can charge more for beer , so you can make more money on average by changing wheat into beer than grounding that same wheat into flour .
The market is generally much more responsive in real life , and true supply shocks are rare – at least ones caused by the market are rare .
The concept of costs and benefits encompass a large area of economics that has to do with rational expectations and rational choices .
Similarly , the consumer will buy the best beer he or she can afford , not , perhaps , the best tasting beer in the store .
Although people are generally rational , there are many , many factors that can throw our internal accountant out the window .
This image and its emotional message ( "this could be you " ) overwhelm the rational part of your brain that can run the very , very long odds of actually winning .
Incentives make the world go round , and sometimes go wrong .
The owner wants to increase production , so he offers a bonus to the shift that produces the most bottles of beer in a day .
However , he is soon deluged with calls from suppliers wondering when the shipments of the 1L bottles are going to come .
When incentives are aligned with organizational goals , however , the benefits can be exceptional .
However , even these incentives can turn disastrous if the criteria for the incentives falls out of alignment with the original goal .
Putting It All Together
Scarcity is the overarching theme of all economics .
This is a very broad look at what is , believe it or not , a very compelling subject .
These concepts aren't powerful laws that force human interactions into preset patterns .
Natural sleep aids and remedies
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
If you 're searching for a natural sleep aid to put an end to your insomnia , here 's something to keep in mind .
That 's why it 's important to know as much as you can about sleep herbs before you try a product .
What is melatonin ?
The levels of melatonin in the blood are highest prior to bedtime .
Melatonin has been used successfully for sleep enhancement in healthy individuals , as well as to reduce feelings of jet lag during global travels .
Melatonin , like all natural dietary supplements , is unregulated and untested for long-term use in humans .
How much melatonin does it take to help increase sleep ?
A host of studies show that as little as 0.1 to 0.3 milligrams may be enough for most people .
Is valerian a helpful sleep remedy ?
Some limited findings show that valerian may reduce the time needed to fall asleep and may improve sleep quality .
Other findings were not as promising .
There is some support for the idea that using valerian over a period of time ( such as over four weeks ) may be more effective than taking it one night only .
Are there risks associated with taking valerian ?
There are no reports of drug interaction with alcohol or with valerian .
Is chamomile a safe sleep remedy ?
German chamomile is best taken as a tea .
Both types cause a calming effect in the body for many people , which may help people feel relaxed and more prepared for sleep .
It induces relaxation without hindering memory or motor function .
What about tryptophan as a natural sleep remedy ?
That means it 's a biochemical substance that is necessary for the formation of the more stable serotonin .
The percentage of destruction of these particular nerve cells correlated with the amount of slow-wave sleep .
Yet some people who took tryptophan as a natural supplement developed a syndrome with features of a disease called scleroderma .
Some people died .
In addition , not everyone who took tryptophan received help for insomnia .
What is 5-hydroxytryptophan ( 5-HTP ) ?
It is used to boost serotonin in the body .
Other studies show that 5-HTP may be useful in controlling appetite and pain .
All natural products have the risk of interacting with drugs .
A few studies indicate a benzodiazepine-like calming action with passionflower .
Are natural sleep aids and remedies safe ?
The particular brand you buy may have inappropriate dosing .
It 's important that you understand all about the natural sleep remedies you take .
EVBCorpus
Dominique Strauss-Kahn DNA " linked to maid "
More tests from the room where the alleged attack took place are pending .
Reports about the DNA samples came after authorities analysed the work clothes of the 32-year-old hotel maid who says she was assaulted in the New York Sofitel near Times Square on 14 May .
His accuser , an immigrant from the West African state of
Mr Strauss-Kahn 's defence team is expected to argue that a sexual encounter occurred , but that it was consensual .
Mr Strauss-Kahn , 62 , is due to enter a formal plea on 6 June .
The newspaper said those closest to Nicolas Sarkozy were touting information , leaked from a police report , that suggested Mr Strauss Kahn had been caught kerb-crawling in a known red light district in Paris .
Nokia Lumia 900 Wo n't Beat the iPhone : 10 Reasons Why
However , all those arguments fail to see what 's really happening in the mobile space , and the way in which Nokia is viewed by today 's consumers .
1 . This is Nokia , after all
2 . Windows Phone 7 wo n't cut it
Thus , there is n't exactly a stampede of users to try out Windows Phone 7 . With Windows Phone 7 running on the Lumia 900 , Nokia 's device has little chance of success .
Apple 's iPhone is the gold standard in the marketplace , and it retails for $ 200 .
And that 's exactly what the Lumia 900 looks like .
Right : an oddly childlike design choice .
The time has come for Nokia to care more about design .
Until Microsoft can figure out the application development issue discourages many developers from porting games to the plat form , any one of today 's Windows Phone 7-based devices will be left out in the cold .
No?
Unfortunately , even after all these years , Nokia still has n't mastered the art of hype .
7 . The AT&T problem
Exclusivity is a major liability nowadays .
But let 's not forget that the iPhone 5 will almost undoubtedly come with 4G LTE.
Judging success in the mobile space is n't always easy .
For Nokia , the bar for success is much more difficult to achieve , since the company 's device has such high expectations .
But if it ca n't come close to achieving that goal , it 'll be viewed as a loser .
But in recent years , Nokia has been largely ignored by customers especially in the U.S. who want more advanced devices .
EVBCorpus
But then - in a dawn raid on a nondescript house in northern Serbia - one of the world 's most wanted men was finally captured .
The signs were all there that Gen Mladic had indeed been caught .
It was a statement that some thought might never come .
As the day wore on , Gen Mladic appeared before a court in Belgrade to begin extradition proceedings .
This is a hugely important moment for Serbia and for the Western Balkans as a whole , as it tries to lay the legacy of the 1990s Balkan wars to rest .
" Serbia has never calculated when it would capture Ratko Mladic ," Mr Tadic replied .
Those involved in the support network will also face justice , the president warned .
They are tired of Serbia 's turbulent past and say that the country has for too long been held hostage by one man .
EVBCorpus
A study , published on the BMJ website , followed 244 children between the ages of three and seven .
Their sleeping habits and physical-activity levels were recorded at ages three , four and five .
Suggested reasons for the link include simply having more time to eat and changes to hormones affecting appetite .
" However , 20 % of children at this age experience problems sleeping , and we already know that inadequate sleep has a significant impact on attention , memory , behaviour , and school performance .
An article by the American Diabetes Association in Diabetes Care links lack of sleep to higher blood sugar levels and thus possible type 2 diabetes risk .
Levels of insulin and blood sugar level were then calculated and compared with the amount of sleep the individual had had .
In future research Dr. Koren plans to look at teenagers in their home environment .
Written by Rupert Shepherd BSc .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Thanks to free market capitalism , we can choose from a wide variety of products at a wide variety of prices pretty much any time we want to buy something .
Tip 1 : Make the Store Your Last Choice
If you do n't need something right away , and you usually do n't , it 's worth searching on community ad sites like Craigslist or Kijiji , signing up with some local Freecycle groups , and asking around to see if anyone you know is getting rid of whatever you want .
Many home improvement stores even have tools you can rent .
However , when you think there 's some wiggle room , consider these strategies :
If a salesperson wants you to buy a bunch of extras with a new computer or cell phone plan , ask for a discount - the salesperson they may be allowed to offer discounts in order to close the deal on big-ticket purchases .
Also , you probably already know not to automatically pay the sticker price on a car or house , because negotiation is standard practice on these major purchases and the sticker price is generally higher than the real amount the seller will accept .
Can I barter ?
If you have some valuable products or services to offer , however , and you 're purchasing from a private party , it 's worth asking .
Will this item go on sale ?
Certain everyday items , like groceries , toiletries and cosmetics , will always go on sale sooner or later , providing an opportunity for you to stock up when your favorite brands are priced at a discount .
Might there be a coupon for this item somewhere ?
If you have time to look through a few pages of content , then sites that offer free printable coupons , like Coupons .com could be a good option for you too .
Sometimes you 'll enter coupon codes to no avail , but sometimes you 'll get lucky and get some savings like $ 5 off shipping fees or 20 % off your entire purchase .
For expensive purchases where you have a lot to gain by comparing prices , and for situations , like online shopping , where it 's extremely easy to compare prices , the savings you 'll achieve are worth the extra time and effort .
Tip 4 : Substitute
Is there something that does n't cost as much , but does the job I need it to ?
Figuring out the real reason behind a pending purchase can help you brainstorm ways to achieve the same result more affordably .
Instead of buying that extra battery , you could use your laptop on the most energy-efficient setting until the battery runs out , and then spend the rest of the flight reading a library book .
By keeping a never-ending wish list , a person is less likely to buy items that have not been contemplated for at least a month , which provides sufficient time to decide whether the item is a necessity or just a want .
Maybe that new suit or purse is n't worth it when you could use the money toward going on a vacation .
Is someone personally selling what I need ?
For example , goods like canning jars , dishes or a jewelry organizer .
Does it make sense to buy this item in bulk ?
Even on inexpensive items like shampoo and toothpaste , drugstore prices can be significantly higher .
But keep in mind that it does n't always make sense to buy in bulk .
The ideas presented in this article might seem excessively frugal to some , but when you cut costs in lots of little ways , you can achieve big savings without making big sacrifices .
Pregnancy calendar
Pregnancy calendar
But with so much pregnancy information available in books , in magazines , and on websites , how can you hope to cover it all before giving birth ?
You 'll also find important medical info that will help keep you and your baby healthy .
At your first prenatal visit , your health care provider will help you determine an expected delivery date ( EDD ) .
If you deliver on your EDD , your baby is actually only about 38 weeks old - that 's because your egg did n't become fertilized until about 2 weeks after the start of your last menstrual period .
A pregnancy is divided into trimesters :
Getting started
Week 1
Your body
Avoid alcohol , drugs , and tobacco products .
You 'll need to take special precautions with medications because many prescription and over-the-counter medications can negatively affect the fetus .
Women who are attempting to become pregnant should take 400 micrograms of folic acid a day .
Your baby 's development
Out of the 46 chromosomes that make up a baby 's genetic material , only two - one from the sperm and one from the egg - determine the baby 's sex .
If the sperm that fertilizes your egg has an X chromosome , your baby 'll be a girl ; if it has a Y chromosome , your baby will be a boy .
Your uterine lining , which will nourish the baby , is developing , and your body secretes follicle-stimulating hormone ( FSH ) , which stimulates an egg to mature .
After your partner ejaculates , millions of sperm travel through the vagina , and hundreds make it to the fallopian tube , where your egg is waiting .
Week 3
The fertilized egg goes through a process of cell division .
The morula becomes hollow and fills with fluid - it is then known as a blastocyst .
The implantation in the uterus creates an essential connection - the endometrium will provide the developing embryo with nutrients and will remove wastes .
Your body
A folic acid supplement - which , ideally , you 've been taking since before you conceived - is particularly important because folic acid helps prevent defects of the neural tube ( the structure that gives rise to the brain and spinal cord ) , which forms very early in pregnancy .
Iron is essential during pregnancy as you support the continual increase of your baby 's blood volume .
Four weeks into your pregnancy , your baby ( called an embryo ) consists of two layers of cells - the epiblast and the hypoblast - that will eventually develop into all of your baby 's organs and body parts .
The yolk sac will produce blood and help to nourish the embryo until the placenta takes over that role .
It also sends a signal to the ovary to stop releasing an egg each month , which stops your monthly periods .
hCG also causes the symptoms of pregnancy , which can appear this week .
Fatigue , tingling or aching breasts , or nausea might lead you to believe your period will be starting any day because the first pregnancy symptoms resemble premenstrual syndrome ( PMS ) .
Week 5
The neural tube , which will eventually form into the spinal cord and brain , runs from the top to the bottom of the embryo .
Your body
- Soft cheeses such as feta , goat , brie , Camembert , and blue cheese
- raw shellfish
Your baby 's development
And the beginnings of the digestive and respiratory systems are forming , too .
Your body
Despite its name , morning sickness can occur at any hour or all day , so do n't be surprised if your queasy stomach does n't pass by noon .
Week 7
By this week , the umbilical cord has formed .
In addition , your baby 's digestive tract and lungs continue to form .
The mouth , nostrils , ears , and eyes are some of the facial features that become more defined this week .
The arm bud that developed just last week has a hand on the end of it , which looks like a tiny paddle .
( You 'll lose this plug as your cervix dilates in preparation for labor . )
Marveling over a baby 's tiny fingers and toes is one of the joys of the first day of life .
Those fingers and toes are just beginning to form this week , and the arms can even flex at the elbows and wrists .
By now , the beginnings of the buds that will develop into your baby 's genitals have made their appearance , although they 've not yet developed enough to reveal whether your baby_sex is a boy or a girl .
Your body
Once you have confirmation of your pregnancy from a home pregnancy test or blood or urine test at the doctor 's office , you should call and schedule your first prenatal visit .
If your pregnancy is considered high risk ( for example , if you have had multiple miscarriages , are older than 35 , or have a history of pregnancy complications ) , your doctor may want to see you as early as possible and more often during the course of your pregnancy .
The tail at the bottom of your baby 's spinal cord has shrunk and almost disappeared by this week .
The digestive system continues to develop .
If you had an ultrasound now , those movements might even be visible , but you wo n't be able to feel them for several more weeks .
In preparation for your first prenatal visit , take the time to familiarize yourself with your family 's health history and to review your medical records .
Have you had any chronic illnesses , allergies , or surgeries ?
Has your menstrual cycle been regular , and have you had any past pregnancies ?
What are your exercise habits ?
Your baby 's development
Congenital abnormalities are unlikely to develop after week 10 .
Your body
You might also have an external abdominal examination to check the size and position of your baby and have your urine tested .
Your health care provider will also ask you many questions about your medical history and any family health problems , to determine if your baby is at risk for genetic diseases .
As you leave your first appointment , your health care provider will probably send you for a blood test to find out whether you are immunized against varicella , measles , mumps , and rubella , as well as to determine your blood type and Rh factor .
From this week until week 20 , your baby will be growing rapidly - increasing in size from about 2 inches ( 5cm ) to about 8 inches ( 20cm ) from crown to rump .
If you saw a picture of your baby now , you 'd think you had a genius on your hands - the baby 's head accounts for about half of the body length !
Nourishing your baby usually requires that you gain weight - and in most cases , the recommended weight gain is 25 to 35 pounds ( 11.33 to 15.87kg ) over the course of the pregnancy .
If you were overweight or underweight before pregnancy , your health care provider may have different recommendations for weight gain
Your baby 's brain continues to develop , and tiny fingernails and toenails start to form .
Your baby 's kidneys are functioning !
And the intestines will make their way into the abd omen , since there is room for them now .
It 's not just the joy you may feel because you 're having a baby - there 's a physiological reason for smo other , more radiant skin during pregnancy .
Sometimes , though , the increased oil gland secretion can cause temporary acne .
The placenta also produces the hormones progesterone and estrogen , which help to maintain the pregnancy .
Once you take your newborn home , you might be wishing for those eyes to close once in a while so you can get some rest !
At your first prenatal appointment , your health care provider probably gave you a prescription for prenatal vitamins .
Your baby 's development
By now , your baby 's genitals have fully developed , though they may still be difficult to detect on an ultrasound examination .
In addition , your baby starts to produce thyroid hormones because the thyroid gland has matured .
Under certain circumstances ( for example , if you 're older than 35 ) , your health care provider may discuss amniocentesis with you .
Week 15
Your baby 's skin has been continuously developing , and it is so thin and translucent that you can see the blood vessels through it .
Internally , your baby 's skeletal system continues to develop .
Many women say that it is n't until they trade in their jeans for maternity clothes and others start noticing their swelling abdomens that the reality of pregnancy sets in .
Scatterbrained .
Week 16
Your body
The test is sometimes called a quadruple test when the level of inhibin-A , is also measured .
Talk to your health care provider about the risks and advantages of these tests .
The placenta , which nourishes the fetus with nutrients and oxygen and removes wastes , is growing to accommodate your baby .
Hormones are preparing your breasts for milk production - more blood is flowing to the breasts , and the glands that produce milk are growing in preparation for breastfeeding .
Your baby 's development
He or she may even be startled by loud noises !
Some of the first bones to ossify are those in the clavicles and the legs .
This is a good week to begin your search for a pediatrician or other health care provider for your child .
Who covers nights and weekends ?
What specialists do they work with ?
It 's important that you feel comfortable with your child 's doctor , so do your homework and make your decision carefully .
Your baby 's development
During the last trimester , your baby will add more layers of fat for warmth and protection .
Later in your pregnancy , you 'll feel kicks , punches , and possibly hiccups !
Many women wonder around this time whether having sex will hurt their developing baby , and the answer is no .
Many expectant women find that their desire for sex fluctuates during the various stages of pregnancy , depending on their fatigue , growing size , anxiousness over the birth , and a host of other body changes .
Your baby 's development
The baby is taking up increasing room in your uterus , and continued growth will put pressure on your lungs , stomach , bladder , and kidneys .
Your body
Depending on the position of the fetus , the sex can usually be determined by now .
Week 21
The intestines have developed enough that small amounts of sugars can be absorbed from the fluid that is swallowed and passed through the digestive system to the large bowel .
( The spleen will stop producing blood cells by week 30 , and the liver will stop a few weeks before birth . )
But pregnancy is not the time to start training for a triathlon - going slowly is the name of the game .
Your baby 's development
Your baby 's reproductive system is continuing to develop , too .
Your body
If , however , the contractions become more intense , painful , or frequent , contact your health care provider immediately because painful , regular contractions may be a sign of preterm labor .
Even though fat is beginning to accumulate on your baby 's body , the skin still hangs loosely , giving your baby a wrinkled appearance .
If preterm labor and delivery were to occur this week , a baby could survive with expert medical care , but might have mild to severe disabilities .
The closer you get to your delivery date , the more trouble you may have sleeping .
Try a warm bath , soothing music , a relaxing book , or a cup of herbal tea to put you in the mood to snooze .
Week 24
In preparation for that , your baby 's lungs are developing the ability to produce surfactant .
Because the inner ear - which controls balance in the body - is now completely developed , your baby may be able to tell when he or she is upside down or right side up while floating and making movements in the amniotic fluid .
The glucose screening test checks for gestational diabetes , a temporary type of diabetes that occurs during pregnancy and can cause problems in the newborn , such as low blood sugar .
Gestational diabetes usually can be controlled by eating a well-planned diet and getting regular exercise , but sometimes medication , such as daily insulin , will be needed during the pregnancy .
You 'll notice fetal activity more readily when you are more sedentary .
Not only does the hormone progesterone slow the emptying of the stomach , but it also relaxes the valve at the entrance to the stomach so that it does n't close properly .
Try eating smaller , more frequent meals , and avoid spicy and fatty foods .
Although your baby 's eyes have been sealed shut for the last few months , they will soon open and begin to blink .
Your body
Your baby will be moving about your home .
Take every precaution you can think of , but remember : No amount of babyproofing can substitute for careful supervision of your child .
The lungs , liver , and immune system still need to fully mature , but if born now , your baby would have a very good chance of surviving .
Your body instinctively nourishes and protects your baby during pregnancy , but caring for a newborn is a learned skill .
Your baby 's development
Your baby still has 2 months to change position , though , so do n't worry if your baby is in the breech position right now .
Most babies will switch positions on their own .
Your health care provider probably sent you for some blood tests early in your pregnancy .
If you do n't have it ( if you 're Rh negative ) but your baby does ( is Rh positive ) , there is potential for your baby to have health problems , such as jaundice and anemia .
Your baby continues to be active , and those first few flutters of movement have given way to hard jabs and punches that may take your breath away .
Your body
You should be eating at least 30 milligrams of iron each day .
Week 30
In preparation for respiration after birth , your baby will mimic breathing movements by repeatedly moving the diaphragm .
Your body
Exercising regularly and eating foods high in fiber , such as vegetables and whole grains , are great ways to keep everything regular .
He or she is also swallowing amniotic fluid , which is completely replaced several times a day .
Your body
The milk glands in your breasts may have started to make colostrum by now .
Week 32
The final touches are being placed on your baby masterpiece .
Your body
Be sure to tell your healthcare provider if you experience any of these symptoms , since this condition can affect both the mother and fetus during the second half of pregnancy .
Your baby 's development
Like a newborn , your baby sleeps much of the time and even experiences the rapid eye movement stage , the sleep stage during which our most vivid dreams occur !
Your body
Among the things you 'll want to learn about are the most commonly used techniques for pain relief .
Although you do n't have to make a decision yet , talk to your health care provider now about your choices .
If a pregnant woman does n't get enough calcium during pregnancy , it can affect her own bones because the developing fetus will take minerals from the mother 's skeletal structure as needed .
Babies born at 34 weeks usually have fairly well-developed lungs , and their average size of 5 pounds ( 2,250 grams ) and 12.6 inches ( 32cm ) from crown to rump allows them to survive outside the womb without extensive medical intervention .
Fatigue is a common complaint of late pregnancy .
Your baby 's development
Because of this increasing size , your baby is now cramped and restricted inside the uterus - so fetal movements may decrease , but they may be stronger and more forceful .
Your body
Bonding not only makes you want to protect your baby and shower him or her with affection , but it also fosters your baby 's sense of security in the world outside your womb .
There is fat on your baby 's cheeks , and powerful sucking muscles also contribute to your baby 's full face .
The bones that make up your baby 's skull can move relative to one another and overlap each other while your baby 's head is inside your pelvis .
Do n't be surprised if your baby arrives with a pointy or misshapen head !
Your doctor or midwife may give you an internal exam to determine if thinning of the cervix or opening of the cervix has begun .
Week 37
He or she continues to develop fat at the rate of half an ounce ( 14 grams ) a day .
Your baby has developed enough coordination to grasp with the fingers .
The mucous plug can be lost a few weeks , days , or hours before labor and is thick , yellowish , and may be tinged with blood ( the mucous plug is also called bloody show ) .
Your baby 's development
Since your baby has had the muscles to suck and swallow amniotic fluid , waste material has been accumulating in his or her intestines .
Cells shed from the intestines , dead skin cells , and lanugo hair are some of the waste products that contribute to meconium , a greenish-black substance that constitutes your baby 's first bowel movement .
Because your baby is engaged in your pelvis , your bladder is extremely compressed , making frequent bathroom trips a necessity .
Circumcision is a surgical procedure to remove the foreskin of the penis in male babies .
Week 39
Umbilical cords , which carry nutrients from the placenta to the baby , vary in size but average about 22 inches ( 55cm ) long and half an inch ( 1-2 cm ) thick .
Sometimes the umbilical cord can become wrapped around a baby 's neck .
Your body has been supplying the baby with antibodies through the placenta that will help the baby 's immune system fight infection for the first 6-12 months of life .
Braxton Hicks contractions may become more pronounced .
Many women do n't experience their water breaking until they 're well into labor .
Week 40
You baby 's development
Do n't expect your baby to look like the Gerber baby right off the bat - newborns often have heads temporarily misshapen from the birth canal and may be covered with vernix and blood .
Your baby , whether a boy or a girl , may even secrete milk from the tiny nipples .
A series of quick screening tests , such as the Apgar score , will be performed to assess your baby 's responsiveness and vital signs , and he or she will be weighed and measured .
This week you 'll experience the moment you 've been anticipating - your introduction to your baby !
The first stage of labor works to thin and stretch your cervix by contracting your uterus at regular intervals .
Talk to your health care provider to find out more about this test .
Some women know ahead of time that they will be delivering via cesarean section and are able to schedule their baby 's " birth day " well in advance .
It might not be the birth experience you imagined , but your beautiful newborn has arrived nonetheless .
Ten Vital Reasons the World will not End in 2012
December 21st 2012 – a date that is well known globally .
Several hundred years ago , the Ancient Mayans predicted the apocalypse on this very date .
1 . The Earth would run out of resources and energy .
The available energy is self generating , continuous and unlimited .
2 . There is a possibility of the earth coming to an end in 2012 .
These prophecies are only based on assumptions and predictions with no scientific proof .
The Maya may have an been advanced race in astrology and mathematics ; however , they were not so proficient in their predictions .
4 . The Mayan Calendar resets itself to 0.0.0.0.
Just as the calendar in your house ends after December 31st Empty_, so does the Mayan calendar .
The end of the Mayan calendar just means that the Mayan long-count period will end and another one would begin ; just as your new calendar for the year would .
5 . According to scientists , the Earth is going to go through a magnetic polar switch quite soon .
This assumption is predicted to cause utter chaos and destruction , which will possibly lead to the extinction of life .
Recently , an asteroid has been spotted and found its way into news .
It is pretty obvious that our generation would no longer be in the picture in the next million years .
This is quite a load of rubbish as the sun goes through a well-documented 11-year sunspot cycle which is driven by its magnetic field .
To date there is no possibility of a planetary alignment for the next few decades .
Each December Empty_the Earth and the Sun does align with approximately the center of the Milky Way Galaxy ; nevertheless , there has been no sign of impact or consequence due to this process .
Although initially predicted for May 2003 , the doomsday date was postponed to December 2012 as nothing obviously happened .
This is an internet hoax !
There are many reasons the world will not end in 2012 .
With the internet , it is easy to make up a bunch of rubbish and pass it around .
The Mayans did not predict the end of their calendar due to death and destruction on the Eart h ; instead they assumed a period of tribulation or spiritual change .
So live each day as the last , because the end of time cannot be predicted .
Germany : Nuclear power plants to close by 2022
Germany 's coalition government has announced a reversal of policy that will see all the country 's nuclear power plants phased out by 2022 .
The decision makes Germany the biggest industrial power to announce plans to give up nuclear energy .
There have been mass anti-nuclear protests across Germany in the wake of March 's Fukushima crisis , triggered by an earthquake and tsunami .
Mr Rottgen said the seven oldest reactors - which were taken offline for a safety review immediately after the Japanese crisis - would never be used again .
Six others would go offline by 2021 at the latest and the three newest by 2022 , he said .
Mr Rottgen said : " It 's definite .
Mrs Merkel 's centre-right Christian Democrats met their partners on Sunday after the ethics panel had delivered its conclusions .
However , last September Chancellor Angela Merkel 's coalition scrapped those plans - announcing it would extend the life of the country 's nuclear reactors by an average of 12 years .
Greens boosted
Germany 's nuclear industry has argued that an early shutdown would be hugely damaging to the country 's industrial base .
" The various studies from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change show that renewables could deliver , basically , global electricity by 2050 , " he said .
Shares in German nuclear utilities RWE and E.On fell on the news .
Outbreak is new form of E. coli
Outbreak is new form of E. coli
More than 1,500 people have been infected and 18 have died : 17 in Germany and one in Sweden .
The World Health Organization said the variant had " never been seen in an outbreak situation before . "
Professor Gad Frankel , from Imperial College London , the Sanger Institute and the Medical Research Council , said : " This is a new combination and a deadly combination .
" Research we published last year showed this same factor mediates attachment to the human gut and the surface of salad leaves . "
The outbreak remains centred on Germany , where there have been 1,064 cases of bloody diarrhoea and 470 cases of the potentially deadly complication in the blood and kidneys .
Fresh vegetables from the European Union have been banned in Russia and the country 's chief medical officer said such produce will be seized .
Three British nationals in the UK have been infected with E. coli linked to the outbreak in Germany , according to the Health Protection Agency .
It is believed that all patients caught the infection in Germany and brought it back to the UK.
It is a very severe kidney complication which destroys red blood cells and can also affect the central nervous system .
Dr Dilys Morgan , from the Health Protection Agency , said : " It 's very unusual for adults to have HUS anyway .
Professor Hugh Pennington , a microbiologist from the University of Aberdeen , said : " This outbreak is unusual in that it does n't seem to be targeting young children .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Causes of diarrhea
In developed countries , including the United States , diarrhea outbreaks are more often linked to contaminated water supplies , person-to-person contact in places such as child-care centers , or " food poisoning " ( when people get sick from improperly processed or preserved foods or foods contaminated with bacteria ) .
* dirty hands
Anything that the infectious germs come in contact with can become contaminated .
Many different viruses can cause viral gastroenteritis , which can pass through a household , school , or day-care center quickly because it 's highly infectious .
Rotavirus has commonly caused outbreaks of diarrhea during the winter and early spring months , especially in child-care centers and children 's hospitals , however , a vaccine now recommended for infants has been found to prevent approximately 75 % of cases of rotavirus infection and 98 % of the severe cases that require hospitalization .
Here are a few that you may have heard about :
* Campylobacter bacteria : Infants and young adults are most commonly affected by these infections , especially during the summer .
* Shigella bacteria : Shigella infection ( called shigellosis ) spreads easily in families , hospitals , and child-care centers .
Cryptosporidiosis often causes watery diarrhea that can last for 2 weeks or more .
It can indicate food allergies , lactose intolerance , or diseases of the gastrointestinal tract , such as celiac disease and inflammatory bowel disease .
Infections with many of the viruses , bacteria , and parasites that cause diarrhea also can bring on other symptoms , such as :
* vomiting
In cases of viral gastroenteritis , kids often develop fever and vomiting first , followed by diarrhea .
Prevention
* Make sure kids wash their hands well and often , especially after using the toilet and before eating .
Dirty hands carry infectious germs into the body when kids bite their nails , suck their thumbs , eat with their fingers , or put their hands into their mouths .
* Refrigerate meats as soon as possible after bringing them home from the supermarket , and cook them until they 're no longer pink .
After meals , refrigerate all leftovers as soon as possible .
Also , exercise caution when buying prepared foods from street vendors , especially if no local health agency oversees their operations .
* Keep pets ' feeding areas ( especially those of reptiles ) separate from family eating areas .
* fever of 102°F or higher
Call the doctor immediately if your child seems to be dehydrated .
* few or no tears when crying
* lack of urine or wet diapers for 6 to 8 hours in an infant ( or only a very small amount of dark yellow urine )
* fatigue or dizziness in an older child
A child with mild diarrhea who is n't dehydrated or vomiting can continue eating and drinking the usual foods and fluids , including breast milk or formula for infants and milk for kids over 1 year old .
In fact , continuing a regular diet may even reduce the duration of the diarrhea episode , while also offering proper nutrition .
If the illness is caused by a parasite , it can be treated with antiparasitic medicines to cure or shorten the course of the illness .
Depending on the amount of fluid loss and the severity of vomiting and diarrhea , your doctor will probably instruct you to :
* Use an oral rehydration solution ( ORS ) to replace lost fluids in non-dehydrated children .
Do n't offer : plain water , soda , ginger ale , tea , fruit juice , gelatin desserts , chicken broth , or sports drinks .
These are available in most grocery stores and pharmacies without a prescription .
Never try to make your own ORS at home unless your doctor says it 's OK .
Baby development : 12 ways to help your infant learn and grow
One month
As her eyes are developing she 'll love focusing on faces .
Help your baby develop better hand movements and vision by clapping his hands together and singing songs .
Three months
Encourage hand-eye coordination by holding colorful rattles and toys up for her to grasp.
Encourage this with tummy playtime .
Social , motor , and language skills are blossoming now .
The tickle reflex develops at about his fourteenth week .
Try talking back and introducing simple words to help her learn how to communicate .
Soon baby will learn to sit up and move around .
Because babies this age put most everything in their mouths , be sure toys are bigger than the inside of a toilet paper tube .
Stimulate her fine motor skills and coordination by providing small , safe objects to pick up .
Or sit outside and pick at the grass .
First , try giving baby toys that fit inside one another like pots and pans .
Or try asking baby , " Where 's your nose ? " and pointing to his nose .
Watch as she entertains herself with books that have stiff cardboard pages , cabinet doors , boxes with flaps , or toys that pop open .
Baby may love finding things that are hidden .
Soon he 'll find it without help .
Keep working on language skills with lots of games and songs .
Tell her what you 're doing , ask questions , and use dramatic gestures and tones .
Others crawl months before their peers .
It 's often just normal differences among children .
EVBCorpus
The World Health Organization says a deadly outbreak of E.coli bacteria that has killed 18 people in Europe is a unique strain that has never been found in infected patients before .
The outbreak is the deadliest in modern history to involve E. coli , and appears to be the second - or third-largest in terms of the number of people who have become ill .
More than 1,600 people in 11 European countries have been sickened by the rapid spread of the bacteria , with most infections and deaths occurring in Germany .
With the uncertainty surrounding the latest outbreak , concern about European produce is spreading .
Russia said vegetables already imported from EU countries will be seized .
Germany initially pointed to cucumbers from Spain as a possible source of the contamination , but further tests showed that those vegetables were not the cause of the outbreak .
The infection can result in a secondary disease that attacks the victims ' kidneys , sometimes causing seizures , strokes , comas and death .
Spain says it is losing $ 288 million a week because of import bans and weak demand for the produce , while the Netherlands says it is losing $ 43 million .
7 Children Infected With E.Coli in France
The officials said Thursday the strain of E. coli that infected the children is not linked to a deadly outbreak of bacteria in Germany that has killed at least 39 people and infected more than 3,300 others in recent weeks .
They were hospitalized on Wednesday and Thursday with E. coli symptoms such as bloody diarrhea .
SEB says the recall affects about 10 tons of meat that may come from several EU nations , including Belgium , France , Germany , Italy and the Netherlands .
German officials say the more dangerous strain of E. coli affecting northern Germany has been traced to sprouts from a local farm .
How Financial Companies Encourage Bad Habits
How Financial Companies Encourage Bad Habits
Financial institutions make billions of dollars annually as a result of high interest rates , loan products with high fees and restrictive rules that are less than customer-friendly .
To finance our schooling , we 're taking out student loans and not thinking anything of it because we 've been told that debt for education , regardless of the cost , is responsible debt .
Not all college debt is a good investment .
Are you a Caucasian woman in her late 30s or early 40s with an annual income of around $ 50, 00 0 ?
In the past , banks used this as a way to make a large amount of money .
For those living paycheck to paycheck whose fees are frequent due to such small account balances , these charges can put severe pressure on what is already a financially challenging life .
Banks are working hard to get their customers signed up so watch out !
Many do n't realize that up until April 1 of 2011 , the person helping you with your home mortgage was n't any different .
Although there is a new law banning the yield spread premium payment , it is still in the broker 's best interest to have you paying more .
Subprime Credit Cards
If you do , the fees and higher interest rate will make these cards a trap for those trying to rebuild .
Before making any big financial decision , do enough research to be able to make an informed choice based on the knowledge you gain on your own .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Writing in the British Medical Journal , UK and Pakistani experts assessed 43 studies involving 200,000 children , and found deaths were cut by 24 % if children were given the vitamin .
It is found in foods including cheese , eggs , liver and oily fish .
Capsules are now distributed twice a year in at least 60 countries , with average annual coverage rates nearing 80 % .
They evaluated studies that involved children aged six months to five years .
And compared rates of illness and death among those who were given vitamin A and those who were not .
They found vitamin A supplements reduced child mortality by 24 % in low - and middle-income countries .
Vitamin A supplements are highly effective and cheap to produce and administer . "
EVBCorpus
Levon Helm , singer and drummer for rock group The Band , has died of cancer at the age of 71 .
They reached the height of their popularity in the 1970s , and had several big hits , including Rag Mama Rag and The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down .
" All his friends were there , and it seemed like Levon was waiting for them .
Born on 26 May 1940 in Arkansas , Helm 's distinctive singing style and drumming skills helped drive the rock band to popularity at a time when many were moving towards a more psychedelic style .
The phenomenon , known as a perigee full moon , means the Moon appears up to 14 % bigger and 30 % brighter than when it is furthest from the planet .
The optimum effect was seen - cloud permitting - at 04:30 BST ( 03:30 GMT ) .
" The eye is so good at compensating for changes in brightness that you simply do n't notice ( that element ) so much , " he said .
" The Moon is always beautiful and a full moon is always dramatic . "
A directory of medical tests
Taking a medical history and performing a physical examination usually provide the information a doctor needs to evaluate a child 's health or to understand what 's causing an illness .
Blood tests
In kids , it sometimes takes more than one try .
Tell your child that it may pinch a little , but that it will be over soon .
A CBC measures the levels of different types of blood cells .
Basic blood chemistry tests measure the levels of certain electrolytes , such as sodium and potassium , in the blood .
Doctors typically order them to look for any sign of kidney dysfunction , diabetes , metabolic disorders , and tissue damage .
* Lead test .
* Liver function test .
Pregnancy and newborns tests
* Prenatal tests .
These tests can help identify - and then treat - health problems that could endanger both mother and baby .
* Multiple marker test .
Keep in mind that these are screening tests and only show the possibility of a problem - they do n't provide definitive diagnoses .
Blood is drawn ( usually from a needle stick on the heel ) and spots are placed on special paper , which is then sent to a lab for analysis .
Bilirubin is a substance in the blood that can build up in babies and cause their skin to appear jaundiced ( yellow ) .
The American Academy of Pediatrics ( AAP ) recommends that all babies have a hearing screen done before discharge from the hospital .
Sometimes they involve putting small probes in the ears or they 're done with electrodes .
X-rays are n't painful , and typically involve just having the child stand , sit , or lie on a table while the X-ray machine takes a picture of the area the doctor is concerned about .
* Ultrasound .
For example , ultrasounds can be used to look for collections of fluid in the body , for problems with the kidneys , or to look at a baby 's brain .
The sound waves that come back produce an image on a screen .
A scan is not painful , but sometimes can be scary for young kids .
* Magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) .
While MRIs are not painful , they can be noisy and long , making them scary to kids .
* Upper gastrointestinal imaging ( Upper GI ) .
An upper GI is n't painful , but some kids do n't like to drink the contrast material , which sometimes can be flavored to make it more appealing .
Doctors typically order a VCUG when they are concerned about urinary reflux , which can sometimes lead to kidney damage later .
The bladder is then filled with contrast material that is put in through the catheter .
Other tests
Doctors often order throat cultures to test for the germs that cause strep throat , which are known as group A streptococcus , or strep .
The doctor or medical assistant wipes the back of the throat with a long cotton swab .
Stool ( or feces or poop ) can provide doctors with valuable information about what 's wrong when your child has a problem in the stomach , intestines , or another part of the gastrointestinal system .
Sometimes it is collected at home by a parent in a special container that the doctor provides .
* Urine test .
Doctors order urine tests to make sure that the kidneys are functioning properly or when they suspect an infection in the kidneys or bladder .
In other cases , the doctor or nurse will insert a catheter ( a narrow , soft tube ) through the urinary tract opening into the bladder to get the urine sample .
In kids , a lumbar puncture is often done to look for meningitis , an infection of the meninges ( the membrane covering the brain and spinal cord ) .
* Electroencephalography ( EEG ) .
The procedure is n't painful but kids often do n't like the electrodes being applied to their heads .
EKGs measure the heart 's electrical activity to help evaluate its function and identify any problems .
The patient must sit still and may be asked to hold his or her breath briefly while the heartbeats are recorded .
A needle electrode is inserted into the muscle ( the insertion might feel similar to a pinch ) and the signal from the muscle is transmitted from the electrode through a wire to a receiver_amplifier .
Biopsies are samples of body tissues taken to look for things such as cancer , inflammation , celiac disease , or the presence or absence of certain cells .
5 Effective Ways To Protect Yourself from Rising Inflation
It is no mystery to anyone that the US government has pumped trillions of dollars into the economy , all while holding interest rates at record lows over the past two years .
Follow at least one of these investing strategies , and you will counterbalance the effect of inflation .
1 ) Buy Physical Gold and Silver
Where gold is hoarded , silver is still used and will only increase in value as the silver supply continues to decrease over time .
If the American currency decreases in value , other currencies will increase in value ( at least relatively ) .
Again , be sure that you have physical currency on hand , as purchasing " derivatives " of paper currency in the market can be manipulated and leave you with more risk than if you physically held it .
Also , budget to have some left over for yourself as this becomes passive income .
Whatever you do , do not invest in something that will turn a negative cash flow from day one…this property will eat you alive…even if it increases in value .
The inflation rate does n't directly impact the value of your business , but it certainly affects what you can charge for your goods and services that you provide to the market .
By managing your business cash flow each month , you can cushion the effect of inflation and also leverage the extra cash flow to invest in real estate and physical precious metals .
No matter what , we all will need to have some cash on hand at all times even if inflation gets really bad .
Just be sure that you are being paid the highest interest rate possible no matter_where_you keep your money .
Google and Microsoft 's New Battleground : Your Living Room
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
In February , news leaked about a new service and device Google has been working on that will stream music throughout a home usingGoogle 's cloud-based music service and Google-branded , wirelessly enabled speakers .
It 's likely that once Goo gle 's purchase of Motorola goes through , Motorola Empty will manufacture it .
And even that represents just the beginning of Goo gle 's ambitions in the home .
Xbox already streams music and video , so Microsoft Empty is there before Google .
Both companies ultimately want you to live in their cloud .
If they 're going to control your lights and use of electricity , they need information about when you want your lights automatically turned on and off , for example .
And they 'll store all that information , along with your music , personal documents and more , in your personal cloud .
The ongoing consumerization of IT shows that there 's no longer a clear line between personal and professional use of technology .
And when people are storing their music and personal information in their clouds with Microsoft and Google , that fuzzy line between work and home will become even fuzzier -- and more significant .
They 'll expect their cloud-based services at home to trade information with their cloud-based services at work .
New SSDs are optimized for mixed workloads , such as online transaction processing , database or Web indexing , and email .
A more capacious version , the 800GB Pulsar.2 , is scheduled to become available July 29 .
IOPS with an average response time of 2.08 milliseconds over four hours .
The Pulsar.2 holds up to 800GB and has built-in intelligence , in that it is able to automatically detect and correct data errors that could plague normal drive operations .
" It is n't just a fast interface like SAS , Fibre Channel or PCIe that they need , and it is n't just IOPS levels in the tens to hundreds of thousands .
Man United , Beckham top Forbes list
Man United , Beckham top Forbes list
Two other Premier League sides are in the top 10 , with Chelsea ( 400m ) in seventh place and Liverpool ( 332m ) in ninth .
It is the seventh consecutive year that United have topped the Forbes list and Real Madrid and Arsenal , now under the control of majority shareholder Stan Kroenke , remain second and third .
Stem cell hope for heart patients
Stem cell hope for heart patients
The therapy , carried out by Chicago 's Northwestern University , halved the number of bouts of angina chest pain .
The procedure may also carry a risk : it is suspected of causing heart muscle damage in two patients , and others reported bone and chest pain .
A year on , patients in the low-dose group had an average of 6.3 episodes of pain a week , compared to 11 a week for those given the placebo jab .
There was no significant benefit from receiving a higher dose of stem cells .
The treatment used bone marrow stem cells called CD34 + cells which circulate in the blood .
The cells were then injected into areas of heart muscle that had been starved of blood .
" Until these uncertainties are resolved , it remains unclear how successful this kind of treatment will prove to be . "
Food prices soar despite surprise drop in inflation
The soaring cost of staples – such as bread , meat , fish and juices – will add to concerns about household finances even though the headline rate of inflation fell from 4.5pc in May to 4.2pc in June .
" Price discounting in June this year influenced the contribution from each of these classes , " the ONS said .
The fall in CPI came against expectations for an unchanged figure of 4.5pc .
The data pushed the " interest rate debate in the direction of the doves " , Mr Loynes said .
According to the ONS , prices for bread and cereals have risen 8.5pc in the past year , 7.2pc for meat and 12.2pc for fish .
Vegetables are 5.4pc more expensive , while sugar and confectionary cost 8.2pc more .
James Knightley , economist at ING Financial Markets , warned : " Food prices are set to rise further given the lagged increases in raw food commodity prices . "
Household utility bills are expected to rise by 15pc-20pc .
Smelly socks help fight malaria
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Every year , malaria infects 250 million and kills nearly 800,000 people around the world , most of them young children .
Dr. Peter A. Singer , Chief Executive Officer of Grand Challenges Canada , told the press that the innovative device could " contribute significantly to accelerating the elimination of malaria and save lives " .
They found that four times as many mosquitoes are lured by both the real odour and the synthetic version as they are by humans .
They are currently testing lots of ways to get hold of the smelly socks smell , including asking schoolchildren to put pads inside their shoes , wear them all day , then hand them in to the researchers .
" Malaria has claimed so many lives , including those of people close to me , and my hope is that this innovative device will be part of the solution , " he said .
" Through a lifetime of hard lessons , I know that discovery is not enough . "
This is one reason that Grand Challenges Canada has stepped in with the grant , under its Integrated Innovation approach .
They expect , that with this financial support , Okumu and his team will be able to test and improve the device and be able to scale up production and get it developed by the community in two years .
Sources : Grand Challenges Canada , Washington Post .
EVBCorpus
Social work , an opportunity for friendship between Vietnamese Catholics and Buddhists
Catholics and Buddhists are in fact working together to help the poor and children living in difficult situations .
However , their " clients " are loved and well looked after - good food and other social services are also provided .
For this reason , the cardinal visited To Dinh An Quang Pagoda where he met Superior Buddhist Monk Thich Tri Quang .
The Buddhist superior spoke about his experiences of meditation in reaching calm and tranquillity when , in organising religious and social activities , he had to face certain situations and challenges .
Japan marks quake and tsunami anniversary
The magnitude 9.0 quake , Japan 's most powerful since records began , also triggered a serious nuclear accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant .
The main memorial ceremony was held at Tokyo 's National Theatre , attended by Japan 's Emperor Akihito , Empress Michiko and Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda .
Prime Minister Noda pledged to rebuild so that Japan could be reborn " as an even better place " .
Warning sirens sounded across the north-east of the country at the precise time the quake struck , 14:46 local time ( 05:46 GMT ) .
Bells and prayers also reverberated across the country .
The twin natural disasters claimed more than 15,800 lives , and more than 3,000 people remain unaccounted for .
Radiation means the area around remains uninhabitable .
He has also pledged to rebuild the devastated towns along the coast .
He had been criticised for failing to show leadership during the nuclear crisis after the quake .
The Japanese authorities believe the reconstruction will cost more than 23 trillion yen ( £181bn ) over a decade .
Bahrain and Belarus have been added to Reporters Without Borders " annual list of " enemies of the internet " .
The body says 2011 was the " deadliest year " yet for so-called " netizens " .
It adds that China , followed by Vietnam and Iran currently hold the largest number of netizens in jail .
New entries
It said the forum moderator had maintained a website focused on stories about his birthplace , al-Dair , ahead of his arrest on 9 April .
It said Mr Hassan was charged with disseminating false news and calling for the overthrow of his country 's government before he died , six days after being detai ned .
Several positive steps had been taken towards reforming the media sector since the publication of a report by the Bahrain Independent Commission of Inquiry ( BICI ) into last year 's crackdown on anti-government protests , it said , including relaxing censorship and increasing the range of political opinions in the media .
It says the regime has also used Twitter to send messages designed to intimidate demonstrators .
Watch list
* " Countries under surveillance " Australia , Egypt , Eritrea , France , India , Kazakhstan , Malaysia , Russia , South Korea , Sri Lanka , Thailand , Tunisia , Turkey , United Arab Emirates
The RSF also notes that a blogger became Egypt 's first political prisoner of the post-Mubarak era after Maikel Nabil Sanad was convicted for criticising the armed forces .
RSF also says that Blackberry 's decision to assist the authorities without a prior court order during the London riots is " a worrying development " .
The RSF notes that the European Parliament has adopted a resolution supporting tougher export controls , and that a bill with a similar aim is being considered by US lawmakers .
Tourists have reportedly responded by scaling the walls of the closed sections , damaging their structure .
Work started on the Great Wall in 500BC to protect China 's northern border , and it remains the world 's largest man-made structure .
Happy Father 's Day
A new tie or bottle of after shave might seem the obvious way to show your appreciation for Dad on June 19 .
So instead of rooting through the tie table at Macy 's again , it might be cool to try something new .
1.Share Dad 's favorite hobby with him .
Whether it 's baseball , fishing , or working in the garden , getting out there with him can make his day .
2 . Go to a sporting event with Dad .
Try going to a park or lake that you 've never been to before .
If your Dad feels up to it in the June heat , bring some bikes or take a long hike .
You and your Dad may have drifted apart a bit over the years , so it could be time to reconnect and do something together that you used to enjoy .
5 . Step into Dad 's world .
You might want to see what your Dad 's life is like .
Most fathers like talking about money , even if you do n't .
Doing something together can help you get to know each other a little better — and may even surprise you as a welcome change of pace from your own routine .
EVBCorpus
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Your trusty USB flash drive is much more versatile than you might realize , packing capabilities that go well beyond storing and transferring files .
Unlock our top-10 ways to use a USB flash drive with the guide below .
If anyone attempts to access your computer without the key ( or top-secret password ) , they 'll be hit with an epic " ACCESS DENIED " message .
With the free AVG rescue software loaded on your USB drive , you can scan a crippled computer for viruses .
Answer : a USB flash drive .
Want to peek into Microsoft 's upcoming operating system ?
You might have heard your geek friends brag about Linux , the open-source operating system .
6 . Secure your docs and files
7 . Maintain your Windows computer
Find out how to install Parted Magic , a handy piece of software that lets you do things like reset Windows passwords , clone your system , and partition your hard disk , right from your USB flash drive .
This is extra handy for MacBook Air owners who need a workaround for the absence of an optical drive .
Victims of procrastination will love this guide , which shows you how a plain old " USB drive can be repurposed into a thoughtful gift in just a couple hours time .
Marketers seem to love USB drives , handing them out in any opportunity they encounter .
EVBCorpus
What is osteogenesis imperfecta ?
Osteogenesis imperfecta ( O I ) is the most common disease causing fractures in childhood .
OI is a genetic disorder usually resulting from abnormalities of the genes , which control the production of a protein called collagen .
This is the main protein in bone and essential for its strength .
It has nothing to do with the calcium part of bone , which is what shows up on X-rays .
How common are fractures ?
Others have their first fractures soon after birth or several years later .
Some people with OI have so few fractures in childhood that the correct diagnosis is not made .
In both sexes and in almost all types of OI the fracture rate diminishes during the teenage years and remains low in adult life .
Most of these are the result of the defects of collagen .
The whites of the eyes may be blue or grey .
There may be an increased liability to bruising ( thou g ht to be due to the defective collagen in small blood vessels ) .
Hernias are more common in people with OI.
Excessive sweating or intolerance of heat are common complaints .
Growth may be impaired .
In some people , mostly those with milder OI , the disorder passes from one generation to another .
In most people the diagnosis is made from the pattern of fractures and the finding of any of the associated clinical features , such as blue or grey whites of the eyes .
Bone density measurements are usually unhelpful for the diagnosis of OI.
What treatment can be given ?
Patients should be mobilised as early as possible to minimise the loss of bone due to immobilisation .
Various bisphosphonate drugs are widely used and have given encouraging results in some children with the more severe types of OI.
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
But lovers of acronyms will be relieved to learn the latest investment theme claiming to steal a march on emerging markets also has a catchy name .
This , or so the theory goes , means the countries that make up CIVETS will benefit from fast-rising domestic consumption .
HSBC Global Asset Management launched the first fund specifically targeting the group of countries , its GIF CIVETS fund , in May .
Critics point out that CIVETS countries have nothing in common beyond their youthful populations .
At least the BRIC countries were the four biggest emerging economies so there was some rationale for grouping them together .
Although it was only established in 2007 , the S&P CIVETS 60 index is ahead of the S&P BRIC 40 and S&P Emerging BMI over one and three years .
Elected in 2010 , President Juan Manuel Santos has continued the center-right policies of former President Alvaro Uribe , prioritizing security and attracting overseas investors .
With a population of 46 million , Colombia has substantial oil , coal and natural gas deposits .
Indonesia
Turning in a GDP growth rate of 4.5 % in 2009 , it bounced back above the 6 % mark the following year and is predicted to stay there for the next few years at least .
With the lowest unit labor costs in the Asia-Pacific region and a government ambitious to emerge as a credible manufacturing hub it is no surprise some analysts see this country of 240 million people as the next BRIC .
Vietnam
" The reality is that investing in Vietnam is still a very laborious process , " Mr. Brown says .
Egypt
But whenever normal business is resumed , Egypt will be in a position to capitalize on its many advantages .
Some analysts describe it as " the new Turkey " .
" There is a structural under-penetration of people borrowing money in Egypt , " Mr. Brown says .
That said , its economy contracted 4.7 % in 2009 , revealing its vulnerability to external shocks .
South Africa
They also make the country a gateway to investment into the rest of Africa .
He favors Massmart , the retailer Walmart bought 51 % of earlier this year .
Frog skin could help treat cancer and other diseases
Shaw is Professor in Drug Discovery at Queen 's School of Pharmacy , where he specializes in finding and classifying naturally occurring , biologically active agents , most notably those found in the venom of amphibians all over the world .
In this latest discovery , Shaw and colleagues identified two mini-proteins or " peptides " ( typically shorter than proteins but made from similar building blocks , amino acids ) secreted on the skin of the Waxy Monkey Frog and the Giant Firebellied Toad that have the potential to stimulate or switch off " angiogenesis " , the process of growing new blood vessels .
As a cancer tumor grows and needs more oxygen and nutrients , it gets to a point where it has to develop its own blood supply , or it ca n't grow any bigger .
This has the potential to transform cancer from a terminal illness into a chronic condition . "
" We are absolutely convinced that the natural world holds the solutions to many of our problems , we just need to pose the right questions to find them ," said Shaw .
They gently extract the secretions , and then release the frogs back into the wild .
" Funding crisis " in brain research
Scientists say research into mental illnesses such as depression is facing a funding crisis .
The report was the result of a summit of more than 60 representatives of governments , universities , the pharmaceutical industry and patient groups .
However , pharmaceutical companies were retreating from the field because of the cost of bringing drugs as far as the consumer .
The report said it took much longer to develop drugs for mental illness - 13 years on average .
Only one new anti-depressant has been approved in Europe , agomelatine , in the past 10 years .
Professor Guy Goodwin , from the University of Oxford , said a lack of funding could lead to a " generational crisis " in neuroscience research and training .
A European " medicines chest " was also suggested.
He said : " With Europe 's extraordinary tradition in neuroscience innovation relying so heavily on private-sector investment , the consequences for the region 's research base and public-health agenda are of major concern . "
Hacking Android Devices : It 's Not Just Apps You Need to Worry About
The malware , dubbed " NotCompatible , " is instead tucked into websites .
Fortunately , the malware is n't very stealthy .
Mobile malware threats are not as widespread as those on_targeting PCs .
NEWS ANALYSIS : After a long development program , Google Drive has finally been released to use_general availability .
Google has been talking about its intention to introduce a cloud storage service for at least six years .
Sure , it 's a cloud-storage offering that works on just about any plat form , but there 's much more to it than that .
1 . It 's not unique
And that alone makes this offering somewhat special .
Considering how many users will likely sign up for Google Drive , that 's an awfully large amount of storage Google is willing to provide at no charge .
Google is big on integration , and it has proven it again with Drive .
4 . Third-party apps play a crucial role
Google is n't establishing a walled garden-apps with Drive .
Instead , the company says that a host of third-party application providers will support the service , allowing users to store and share content across multiple platforms .
That 's important .
It 's a welcome move by Google and its partners .
Apple iOS Device Support Is Missing From the Package
The nice thing about being Google is that it does n't necessarily have to only play nice with one platform the way Apple and Microsoft do .
According to Google , iOS support will not be available to Drive users .
There 's nothing worse than receiving an attachment to an e-mail , only to find that it comes with a file extension that your computer does n't support .
According to Google , Drive will allow users to go back data as far as 30 days to see what updates were made .
The company also says that users can save a specific revision forever , if it 's really important .
9 . There is a cost involved
Those who want 25GB of storage , for example , will need to pay $ 2.49 per month .
A total of 100GB of storage will set customers back $ 4.99 per month .
10 . Search plays a key role
The company says that users will be able to search based on keywords , file types , owners , and other attributes .
The platform 's search sounds quite powerful .
Menopause & Perimenopause
Menopause is defined as the state of an absence of menstrual periods for 12 months .
Perimenopause means " the time around menopause " and is often used to refer to the menopausal transitional period .
Menopause is the time in a woman 's life when the function of the ovaries ceases .
Each ovary is about the size and shape of an almond .
The egg travels from the ovary through a Fallopian tube to the uterus .
The hormones also regulate the menstrual cycle and pregnancy .
Therefore , a woman can develop osteoporosis ( thinning of bone ) later in life when her ovaries do not produce adequate estrogen .
At what age does a woman typically reach menopause ?
But there is no way to predict when an individual woman will enter menopause .
Most women reach menopause between the ages of 45 and 55 , but menopause may occur as earlier as the 30s or 40s or may not occur until a woman reaches her 60s .
Certain medical and surgical conditions can influence the timing of menopause .
In cases of surgical menopause , women often report that the abrupt onset of menopausal symptoms results in particularly severe symptoms , but this is not always the case .
At this time a woman could experience the other symptoms of menopause such as hot flashes and mood swings .
Cancer chemotherapy and radiation therapy
Premature ovarian failure is defined as the occurrence of menopause before the age of 40 .
The cause of premature ovarian failure is not fully understood , but it may be related to autoimmune diseases or inherited factors .
The extent and severity of symptoms varies significantly among women .
Irregular vaginal bleeding
Menstrual periods ( menses ) may occur more frequently ( meaning the cycle shortens in duration ) , or they may get farther and farther apart ( meaning the cycle lengthens in duration ) before stopping .
There is no " normal " pattern of bleeding during the perimenopause , and patterns vary from woman to woman .
It is important to remember that all women who develop irregular menses should be evaluated by her doctor to confirm that the irregular menses are due to perimenopause and not as a sign of another medical condition .
However , women who are perimenopausal may still become pregnant until they have reached true menopause ( the absence of periods for one year ) and should still use contraception if they do not wish to become pregnant .
A hot flash is a feeling of warmth that spreads over the body and is often most pronounced in the head and chest .
There is currently no method to predict when hot flashes will begin and how long they will last .
There is no way to predict when hot flashes will cease , though they tend to decrease in frequency over time .
Sometimes hot flashes are accompanied by night sweats ( episodes of drenching sweats at nighttime ) .
This may lead to awakening and difficulty falling asleep again , resulting in unrefreshing sleep and daytime tiredness .
The incontinence can result from a strong , sudden urge to urinate or may occur during straining when coug hing , laughing , or lifting heavy objects .
Research in this area has been difficult for many reasons .
Emotional and cognitive symptoms are so common that it is sometimes difficult in a given woman to know if they are due to menopause .
Other physical changes
Changes in skin texture , including wrinkles , may develop along with worsening of adult acne in those affected by this condition .
What are the complications and effects of menopause on chronic medical conditions ?
Osteoporosis is the deterioration of the quantity and quality of bone that causes an increased risk of fracture .
The process leading to osteoporosis can operate silently for decades .
The symptoms are then related to the location and severity of the fractures .
The goal of osteoporosis treatment is the prevention of bone fractures by slowing bone loss and increasing bone density and strength .
Therefore , the prevention of osteoporosis is as important as treatment .
* Medications that stop bone loss and increase bone strength include alendronate ( Fosamax ) , risedronate ( Actonel ) , ibandronate ( Boniva ) , zoledronic acid ( Reclast ) , raloxifene ( Evista ) , and calcitonin ( Calcimar ) .
Around the time of menopause , however , a women 's risk of cardiovascular disease increases .
Around the time of menopause , however , a women 's risk of cardiovascular disease increases .
Even if levels are low one day , they may be high the next day in the same woman .
What are the treatment options for menopause ?
However , treatment of associated symptoms is possible if these become substantial or severe .
Hormone therapy has been used to control the symptoms of menopause related to declining estrogen levels such as hot flashes and vaginal dryness , and HT is still the most effective way to treat these symptoms .
Hormone therapy is available in oral ( pill ) , transdermal form ( patch ) .
There has been increasing interest in recent years in the use of so-called " bioidentical " hormone therapy for perimenopausal women .
The hormones are created in a laboratory by altering compounds derived from naturally-occurring plant products .
Like transdermal HT products , bioidentical hormone therapy products are administered transdermally .
They are typically applied as cream or gels .
However , studies to establish the long-term safety and effectiveness of these products have not been carried out .
The WHI study findings do not support the use of HT for the prevention of chronic disease .
Oral contraceptive pills are another form of hormone therapy often prescribed for women in perimenopause to treat irregular vaginal bleeding .
The list of contraindications for oral contraceptives in women going through the menopause transition is the same as that for premenopausal women .
Local and oral estrogen treatments are sometimes combined for this purpose .
Other pharmaceutical therapies
Other medications : Other prescription medications have been shown to provide some relief for hot flashes , although their specific purpose is not the treatment of hot flashes .
Some of these medications that have been shown to help relieve hot flashes include the antiseizure drug gabapentin ( Neurontin ) and clonidine ( Catapres ) , a drug used to treat high blood pressure .
They have a chemical structure that is similar to the estrogens naturally produced by the body , but their effectiveness as an estrogen has been estimated to be much lower than true estrogens .
Some studies have shown that these compounds may help relieve hot flashes and other symptoms of menopause .
There is also a perception among many women that plant estrogens are " natural " and therefore safer than HT , but this has never been proven scientifically .
Some women report that vitamin E supplements can provide relief from mild hot flashes , but scientific studies are lacking to prove the effectiveness of vitamin E in relieving symptoms of menopause .
Taking a dosage greater than 400 international units ( IU ) of vitamin E may not be safe , since some studies have suggested that greater dosages may be associated with cardiovascular disease risk .
Black cohosh is an herbal preparation that has been popular in Europe for the relief of hot flashes .
This herb has become more and more popular in the U.S. , and the North American Menopause Society does support the short-term use of black cohosh for treating menopausal symptoms , for a period of up to six months , because of its relatively low incidence of side effects when used short term .
Research is ongoing to further determine the effectiveness and safety of black cohosh .
Scientific studies have not proven the safety or effectiveness of these products .
Lifestyle factors in controlling the symptoms and complications of menopause
Many of the symptoms of menopause and the medical complications that may develop in postmenopausal women can be lessened or even avoided by taking steps to lead a healthy lifes tyle .
* Menopause is defined as the absence of menstrual periods for 12 months .
* The average age of menopause onset is 51 years old , but menopause may occur as early as the 30s or as late as the 60s .
* Symptoms of menopause can include abnormal vaginal bleeding , hot flashes , vaginal and urinary symptoms , and mood changes .
Vancouver Canucks ice hockey riot sees 100 arrested
EVBCorpus
Vancouver Canucks ice hockey riot sees 100 arrested
Chief Constable Jim Chu blamed the violence on " anarchists and criminals " and said police had seized weapons .
" I woke up today to read all the news reports about just how much Vancouver embarrassed ourselves yesterday , " Barrett Nash told CBC News .
So I went downstairs , grabbed some garbage bags and gloves , and I am trying to help clean up . "
But hope quickly turned to gloom after the Boston Bruins scored first and then went on to secure a comfortable victory .
Shop windows were smashed , with the stores then looted .
Fans also rioted in 1994 after the Canucks lost the Stanley Cup series , and Chief Constable Chu rejected criticism police were unready or failed to take aggressive action once the rioting started .
The crowd was very , very large .
Your ears
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Or maybe it was loud , like a siren going by .
And that 's not all - your ears also help you keep your balance .
These parts all work together so you can hear and process sounds .
It 's what people pierce to wear earrings and what your friend whispers into when it 's time for a secret .
Earwax is that gunky stuff that protects the canal .
It also collects dirt to help keep the ear canal clean .
The middle ear 's main job is to take those sound waves and turn them into vibrations that are delivered to the inner ear .
They are the three tiniest , most delicate bones in your body .
* the stapes , the smallest bone in the body , which is attached to the incus and means " stirrup " in Latin
When the eardrum vibrates , it moves the tiny ossicles - from the hammer to the anvil and then to the stirrup .
The cochlea is filled with liquid , which is set into motion , like a wave , when the ossicles vibrate .
They may be small , but they 're awfully important .
Day or night , ears keep you upright
In the inner ear , there are three small loops above the cochlea called semicircular canals .
When you move your head , the liquid in the semicircular canals moves , too .
The liquid moves the tiny hairs , which send a nerve message to your brain about the position of your head .
Now move the cup around in a circle in front of you and then stop .
Notice how the water keeps swishing around , even after the cup is still ?
The hairs inside the canals are sensing movement even though you 're standing still .
Your ears take care of you , so take care of them .
Keep the volume down on your stereo , especially if you 're in the car or wearing headphones .
As you probably know , there 's only one thing that 's safe to put in your ear .
EVBCorpus
What is osteoporosis ?
Osteoporosis has often been thought to be a condition that frail elderly women develop .
Why is osteoporosis an important public health issue ?
Of people older than 50 years of age , one in two women and one in eight men are predicted to have an osteoporosis-related fracture in their lifetime.
With the aging of America , the number of people with osteoporosis-related fractures will increase substantially .
Bones that are affected by osteoporosis can break ( fracture ) with relatively minor injury that normally would not cause a bone to fracture .
We 'll take a look at the most common locations for osteoporotic fractures on the next few slides .
Fractures of the spine ( vertebra ) can cause severe " band-like " pain that radiates around from the back to the side of the body .
A fracture that occurs during the course of normal activity is called a minimal trauma fracture or stress fracture .
Osteoporosis symptoms : Hip fracture
Hip fractures may also be difficult to heal after surgical repair because of poor bone quality .
Some 20 % of women with a hip fracture will die in the subsequent year as an indirect result of the fracture .
Generally , the higher the bone density , the stronger the bones .
Normally , bone density accumulates during childhood and reaches a peak by around 25 years of age .
After age 35 , both men and women will normally lose 0.3% -0.5 % of their bone density per year as part of the aging process .
Estrogen is important in maintaining bone density in women .
During the first five to 10 years after menopause , women can suffer up to 2%-4 % loss of bone density per year !
What are the risk factors for developing osteoporosis ?
* family history of osteoporosis ( for example , having a mother with an osteoporotic hip fracture doubles your risk of hip fracture )
* lack of exercise
* poor nutrition and poor general health
* low estrogen levels
* immobility , such as after a stroke or any condition that interferes with walking
* certain medications can cause osteoporosis such as long-term use of heparin ( a blood thinner ) , antiseizure medications phenytoin ( Dilantin ) and phenobarbital , and long-term use of oral corticosteroids ( such as prednisone )
Unfortunately , by the time X-rays can detect osteoporosis , at least 30 % of the bone has already been lost .
The test measures bone density in the hip and the spine , takes only five to 15 minutes to perform , uses very little radiation ( less than one-tenth to one-hundredth the amount used on a standard chest X-ray ) , and is quite precise .
* all women aged 65 and older ;
Upon completion of a DXA scan , the bone density of the patient is then compared to the average peak bone density of young adults of same sex and race .
* Osteopenia ( between normal and osteoporosis ) is defined as a bone density T score between -1 and -2.5 SD for all women aged 65 and older ;
How is osteoporosis treated and prevented ?
Although early detection and timely treatment of osteoporosis can substantially decrease the risk of future fracture , none of the available treatments for osteoporosis are complete cures .
In other words , it is difficult to completely rebuild bone that has been weakened by osteoporosis .
We 'll take a look at some of the prevention and treatment options on the following slides .
Exercise has a wide variety of beneficial health effects .
Nevertheless , most doctors recommend weight-bearing exercise , walking , preferably daily .
Finally , extreme levels of exercise ( such as marathon running ) may not be healthy for the bones .
Prevention and treatment : Quit smoking and curtail alcohol
Smoking cigarettes decreases estrogen levels and can lead to bone loss in women before menopause .
Certainly , these effects are not as powerful as other factors .
Importantly , once osteoporosis is present , a high dietary calcium intake or taking calcium supplements alone is not sufficient in treating osteoporosis and should not be viewed as an alternative to or substituted for more potent prescription osteoporosis medications .
Unfortunately , surveys have shown that the average woman in the United States consumes less than 500 milligrams of calcium per day in her diet , less than the recommended amounts .
As mentioned on the previous slide , here are some examples of calcium-fortified foods and their respective calcium intake .
Vitamin D is important in several respects :
The food and nutrition board of the Institute of Medicine has recommended the following as an as adequate vitamin D intake :
Good sources of vitamin D include natural sunlight , fortified milk , cheese , butter_margarine , cereal , and fish .
Estrogen is available orally ( Premarin , Estrace , Estratest , and others ) or as a skin patch ( Estraderm , Vivelle , and others ) .
Every woman should have an individualized discussion regarding estrogen replacement with her doctor .
Menopausal estrogen hormone therapy is one example of an antiresorptive agent .
Prevention of hip fractures
Osteoporosis at a glance
* Osteoporosis weakens bone and increases risk of bone fracture .
* Diagnosis can be suggested by X-rays and confirmed by using tests to measure bone density .
Studying for tests
You just heard you have a math test on Friday - the same day as your big history test and weekly quiz on Spanish verbs .
There are some secrets to good studying .
Studying for tests and quizzes actually starts way before you even know you 'll have a test .
If you miss something , ask your teacher to go over facts with you after class .
( This may mean that you need to recopy some notes at home or during a free period while the class is still fresh in your mind . )
When you sit down to study , think about how much time you want to devote to each topic .
For example , a weekly Spanish verb test probably wo n't be as intense as a big history test .
Instead of thinking about studying all of World War II ( which could overwhelm even a historian ) , try breaking your study sessions into chunks or studying the material by specific battles .
If you find yourself getting distracted and thinking about other things as you study , pull your attention back as soon as possible .
In the case of math or science problems or equations , do some practice problems .
( This is where good note-taking comes in handy ! )
For example , if you know you 're going to have multiple-choice questions on World War II , you 'll know to focus on studying facts and details .
Use special memory triggers that the teacher may have suggested or ones that you invent yourself .
Some people find it helps to teach what they 're studying aloud to an imaginary student .
Another study technique is making flashcards that summarize some of the important facts or concepts .
It 's tempting to put off studying until the last minute ( also known as procrastination ) .
If you 're a procrastinator , one of the best ways to overcome it is by staying organized .
Organization makes it harder to procrastinate .
Keep your notes organized , stay on top of required materials , and follow the other study tips mentioned above to stay focused and in control .
Ask your teachers for help prioritizing .
Teachers respect students who are thoughtful and interested in learning and doing well .
For some people who are easily distracted , though , study groups spell disaster because they get off the topic .
If you like to study alone and feel most confident doing it that way , that 's great .
Do n't panic if you ca n't remember some facts the night before the test .
EVBCorpus
Human skin cells turned directly into functioning neurons
The process took four to five weeks and only needed the addition of four genes to effect the transformation .
iPS cells take months to create , and recent reports have raised other problems .
" We are now much closer to being able to mimic brain or neurological diseases in the laboratory . "
The study is the latest in the fast-moving new field of transdifferentiation , where cells are forced to take on new identities .
They called the treatment " BAM " , short for the three genes , the transcription factors Brn2 , Ascl1 and Myt1 .
And it also worked on iPS cells .
With NeuroD added using the virus carrier , Wernig and colleagues managed to coax many of the neurons to respond to electrical stimulation so that within a few weeks , they were making synaptic connections with the mouse neurons that were growing next to them .
" Clearly mice and humans are different in significant ways , " said Wernig .
But the process is very labor-intensive and relies on cell lines that have a smaller range of diversity compared to naturally created neurons .
The National Institutes of Health , the Stanford Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine , the Donald E. and Delia B. Baxter Foundation , the Ellison Medical Foundation , the Stinehard-Reed Foundation , and the New York Stem Cell Foundation provided funds and support for the research , as did Stanford 's Department of Pathology .
Newt Gingrich : Campaign aides quit 2012 team
Newt Gingrich : Campaign aides quit 2012 team
" When the campaign and the candidate disagree on the path , they 've got to part ways , " said ex-aide Rick Tyler , according to the Washington Post .
The news will hit Mr Gingrich 's hopes of being the Republican nominee to challenge President Barack Obama .
Question of commitment
His campaign got off to a halting start when he criticised a plan popular among Republicans to slash and privatise a healthcare programme for the elderly .
" I think the world of him .
On his Facebook page on Thursday , Mr Gingrich indicated he would stay in the race .
" The campaign begins anew Sunday in Los Angeles . "
An Introduction To Stock Market Indexes
An Introduction To Stock Market Indexes
If they did , there would be no reason to have multiple indexes .
If you ask an investor how " the market " is doing , you might get an answer that is based on the Dow .
It includes the stocks of 30 of the world 's largest and most influential companies .
Unfortunately , it is no longer this simple to calculate .
The basic problem is that a $ 1 change in the price of a $ 120 stock in the index will have the same effect on the DJIA as a $ 1 change in the price of a $ 20 stock , even though one stock may have changed by 0.8% and the other by 5% .
The SP 500
When investors say that their portfolios have " beaten the market " , they are usually referring to the performance of the SP 500 .
In general , the SP 500 index gives a good indication of movement in the U.S. marketplace as a whole .
A 10% movement in all stocks in the DJIA , by contrast , would not necessarily cause a 10% change in the index .
The Wilshire 5000
Finalized in 1974 , this index is extremely diverse , including stocks from every industry .
The Nasdaq Composite Index is a market-value-weighted index of all stocks traded on the Nasdaq stock exchange .
The Nasdaq Composite includes large and small firms but , unlike the Dow and the SP 500 , it also includes many speculative companies with small market capitalizations .
Consequently , its movement generally indicates the performance of the technology industry as well as investors ' attitudes toward more speculative stocks .
The Russell 2000 index gained popularity during the 1990s , when small-cap stocks soared and investors moved more money to the sector .
If you 're going to pick just one index , or market , to talk about , however , you can't go wrong with the SP 500 , which offers a good indication of the movements in the U.S. market in general .
EVBCorpus
If you 're a parent then you probably know that your kids are always watching you and remembering the things you do .
You may tell your kids that swear words are bad and you should never use them , but the one time you drop something on your toe and let out a hearty stream of cussing your kids think this gives them carte blanche to indulge in an occasional swear word .
Remember : they watch everything you do , and they figure that 's the way it is supposed to be done .
You 're walking through the store and your kid sees a candy bar she wants , so you grab it and give it to her .
Even preschoolers can start to grasp the concept that all the resources they use cost something .
You should also make it a point to save money each month , and to discuss your saving methods with your kids .
The next time you stop at the ATM to get some cash , narrate the process to your kids .
Kids should learn that money can be a means to help other people and not just a way to buy a lollipop .
What 's that ?
Do you decide on impulse that you want something expensive ( a new car , a new TV , or whatever ) and then just go out and buy it on credit ?
You 're teaching your kids something dangerous : You do n't have to budget and save for the things you want .
Do your kids ever see you using cash ?
Make an effort to use cash once in a while and help your kids understand the basics of actual cash .
Do your kids actually understand why you head off to work every morning ?
Teach them about working to earn money .
EVBCorpus
Food poisoning is a common , usually mild , but sometimes deadly illness .
Depending on the contaminant , fever and chills , bloody stools , dehydration , and nervous system damage may follow .
In 2001 , the CDC estimated that food poisoning causes about 48 million illnesses , 128,000 hospitalizations , and up to 3,000 deaths each year .
Salmonella causes the most deaths followed by Toxoplasma and Listeria .
Additionally , there are possible new global threats to the world 's food supply through terrorist actions using food toxins as weapons .
Food poisoning causes
Many cases of food poisoning are not reported because people suffer mild symptoms and recover quickly .
* Infectious agents include viruses , bacteria , and parasites .
Improperly packaged food stored at the wrong temperature also promotes contamination .
The symptoms can develop rapidly , within 30 minutes , or slowly , worsening over days to weeks .
* nausea
* abdominal cramping
* Noroviruses are a group of viruses that cause a mild illness ( often termed " stomach flu " ) with nausea , vomiting , diarrhea , abdominal pain , headache , and low-grade fever .
It is the most common viral cause of adult food poisoning and is transmitted from water , shellfish , and vegetables contaminated by feces , as well as from person to person .
Several other names have been used for noroviruses , including Norwalk-like viruses , caliciviruses ( because they belong to the virus family Caliciviridae ) , and small round structured viruses .
Symptoms usually last less than two months , but can be prolonged or relapse for up to six months .
Bacteria can cause food poisoning in two different ways .
Other bacteria produce chemicals in foods ( known as toxins ) that are poisonous to the human digestive system .
When eaten , these chemicals can lead to nausea and vomiting , kidney failure , and even death .
The CDC estimates that each year 1 million people are infected with Salmonella , amounting to $ 365 million in direct medical costs annually .
* Campylobacter : Causes mild illness with fever , watery diarrhea , headache , and muscle aches .
It is transmitted by raw poultry , raw milk , and water contaminated by animal feces .
* Bacillus cereus : Causes mild illness with rapid onset of vomiting , with or without diarrhea and abdominal cramping .
It has been speculated that this bacteria may also be used as a potential terrorist weapon .
There are many different types of this bacteria .
* Shigella ( traveler 's diarrhea ) :
* Listeria monocytogenes :
It is transmitted through uncooked foods such as meats , vegetables , soft cheeses , unpasteurized milk , and cold cut meats .
Symptoms start as blurred vision .
Infants and young children are particularly at risk .
It strikes mostly in the warmer months of the year and is transmitted by infected , undercooked , or raw seafood .
Parasites rarely cause food poisoning .
The infection can also be spread from person to person by food or other items contaminated with feces from an infected person .
It is transmitted by contaminated drinking water .
Pregnant women and those with compromised immune systems infected with Toxoplasma can have severe health complications .
Often there is nausea , vomiting , and diarrhea .
It can cause moderate to severe illness with numbness of the area around the mouth and lips that can spread to the arms and legs , nausea , vomiting , muscle pain and weakness , headache , dizziness , and rapid heartbeat .
According to the CDC , ciguatera has no cure .
Severe symptoms may include blurry vision , respiratory distress , and swelling of the tongue and mouth .
Toxins are transmitted by eating unwashed fruits or vegetables contaminated with pesticides .
* The ill person is a child younger than three years of age .
* Symptoms begin after recent foreign travel .
* The ill person has a disease or illness that weakens their immune system ( for example , HIV/AIDS , cancer and undergoing chemotherapy , kidney disease ) .
Go to the nearest hospital 's emergency department if any of the following situations occur :
* A fever higher than 101 F ( 38.3 C ) occurs with the abdominal symptoms .
* The ill person is vomiting blood or having bloody bowel movements .
* One or more joints swell or a rash breaks out on the ill person 's skin .
The doctor will perform a physical exam , which screens for outward signs and symptoms of the illness .
The purpose is to make sure there are no breaks in the rectal wall .
* A urine sample helps assess how dehydrated the patient is and may indicate possible kidney damage .
* Blood tests may be performed to determine the seriousness of the illness .
An X-ray of the abdomen or a CT scan may be taken if the doctor suspects the patient 's symptoms may be caused by another illness .
Food poisoning self-care at home
* Small , frequent sips of clear liquids ( those you can see through ) are the best way to stay hydrated .
Over-the-counter rehydration products made for children such as Pedialyte and Rehydralyte are expensive but good to use .
Consult a health care practitioner before taking any natural food poisoning remedies .
Initially consider eating rice , wheat , breads , potatoes , low-sugar cereals , lean meats , and chicken ( not fried ) .
If there is a question or concern , always check with a doctor .
The patient may need to be admitted to the hospital .
* The doctor may also treat any fever to make the patient more comfortable .
The length of illness with traveler 's diarrhea ( shigellae ) can be decreased with antibiotics , but this specific illness usually runs its course and improves without treatment .
After visiting a doctor or the emergency department , the patient should follow any specific instructions and take any medications prescribed exactly as directed .
Food poisoning prevention
Safe shopping
* Do not buy foods past their " sell-by " or expiration dates .
* Keep it safe ; refrigerate .
* Check the temperature of your appliances .
* Keep everything clean !
* Do not cross-contaminate .
After cutting raw meats , wash hands , cutting board , knife , and counter tops with hot , soapy water .
* Refrigerator : Allows slow , safe thawing .
Safe cooking
* Cook beef , veal , and lamb to 145 F ( 63 C )
* Never leave food out more than two hours ( or more than one hour in temperatures above 90 F ( 32 C ) ) .
Some of the most severe cases of food poisoning can result in long-term illness and death .
Nato takes over Kosovo border posts after clashes
EVBCorpus
Nato takes over Kosovo border posts after clashes
Border posts in the area , which rejects Kosovan independence from Serbia , had been staffed by ethnic Serb police.
Nato officials said only small vehicles were being allowed through two border posts at the centre of the dispute , and that they were being checked for weapons .
It began when a group of about 200 Serbian nationalists approached the Jarinje crossing , throwing firebombs .
One of the Kosovan police officers was killed and several others wounded when they were shot at .
Why men are at higher risk for stomach cancer ?
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Some scientists have theorized that differences in lifestyle , such as diet and smoking , may account for the discrepancy , but growing evidence suggests that the differences are rooted in basic biological differences between men and women .
The paper , which recently appeared online in the journal Cancer Prevention Research , also describes in new detail how estrogen protects against gastric cancer , which could help scientists find better drug targets against the disease .
" If we can narrow in on which estrogen effect is causing this protection , we can come up with a better therapy , " says Alexander Sheh , a postdoc in MIT 's Division of Comparative Medicine ( DCM ) and lead author of the paper .
Several studies have suggested that estrogen protects women from this kind of inflammation .
In another study , Fox gave estrogen to male mice soon after birth , and showed that it prevented the development of gastritis and precancerous gastric lesions .
Such mice typically develop cancer within 20 months .
Female mice were treated with Tamoxifen or nothing .
Forty percent of the untreated mice developed gastric cancer .
To figure out how estrogen and Tamoxifen protect against gastric cancer , the MIT researchers examined which genes were overexpressed in the treated mice .
The researchers believe that chronic H. pylori infection stimulates production of CXCL1 ( or IL-8 in humans ) , which attracts immune cells such as neutrophils and macrophages .
They are also interested in developing molecules that inhibit CXCL1 activity .
EVBCorpus
The likelihood of heart disease persists , even with long-term progress in addressing traditional risk factors , such as smoking , high blood pressure and elevated cholesterol .
He continued saying that , " People with low socioeconomic status need to have their heart-disease indicators managed more aggressively . "
Although it is common knowledge for people with low socioeconomic status to have a greater risk for developing heart disease and other health problems , the reason is often attributed to reduced health-care access or poor adherence to treatments , such as smoking cessation or medication .
For the first time this study revealed that the increased risk continued even though long-term improvements in other risk factors have been made .
Franks recommends including socio-economic status in the Framingham risk assessment , a tool based on outcomes from the Framingham Heart Study , commonly used to determine treatments for heart-disease prevention .
He commented that UK health-care providers are already considering socio-economic status for the determination of care plans .
How to Survive on Minimum Wage
Surviving on minimum wage may seem close to impossible , especially in today 's economy , but many families are doing just that .
1 . Set up a budget and then stick to it .
2 . Barter for everything you can .
3 . Find sources of free food .
Rent will probably take a large part of your budget , especially if you live in a big city , so having somebody to share the expense with you will certainly make a difference .
6 . Find out if you qualify for government assistance .
If you have children , your chances of receiving government assistance are even higher .
India high court blast in Delhi kills nine
A minor blast happened outside the same court in June when a bomb exploded inside a car .
There were no casualties .
" The bomb was apparently placed in a briefcase next to the reception at one of the main gates of the court , " Special Police Commissioner Dharmendra Kumar told reporters .
There is panic everywhere .
I saw blood on the road , I saw body parts , " he said .
In July , 26 people died in three explosions in the country 's financial capital , Mumbai .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Tottenham remain five points above Chelsea in the race for a top-four spot although they wasted the best opportunities in a fixture they have not won since 1990 .
Manager Harry Redknapp was upbeat even though his side hit the bar through Gareth Bale and wasted several excellent chances .
" We had some great chances and their keeper made some great saves .
" There was a clear penalty shout for us when ( Benoit Assou ) Ekotto pulled down Ramires at the far post " .
It wo n't be easy to get into top four but we 'll try until the end . "
Novak Djokovic cemented his place at the top of men 's tennis by outlasting Rafael Nadal in a five-set epic to retain his Australian Open title .
The world number one edged a gripping battle with the second seed in five hours 53 minutes to win his fifth Grand Slam .
His semi-final against Britain 's Andy Murray was played a day later than Nadal 's with Roger Federer , and lasted four hours 50 minutes .
" Rafa is one of best players ever and one of the most respected guys on tour "
He was attacking Djokovic with ferocious pace and accuracy and , although the top seed pulled level at 4-4 , Nadal upped the ante when it mattered .
The momentum had shifted and Djokovic was unwilling to let go .
Tension was palpable in a 88-minute fourth set as the crowd feasted on the latest thrilling encounter between two greats of the sport .
However , Nadal then missed a routine backhand at at 30-15 in game seven , throwing the momentum away and helping Djokovic hit back .
" Congratulations to Novak and his team , they deserve it , they are doing something fantastic ," stated Nadal .
Thanks to my team for their support - without them it would be impossible for me to be here . "
An experienced manager has been targeted to run the new national football centre at St George 's Park .
Since Wilkinson quit the post in 2002 to manage Sunderland , only Les Reed has performed the function on a temporary basis before the governing body parted ways with him two years later .
It will contain the latest sports science and medical facilities , as well as 12 training pitches .
Manchester United has reported a record annual operating profit of £110.9m .
Last season , Manchester United won the Premier League and reached the final of the Champions League against Barcelona .
The latest figures show that net debt has fallen to £308.3m , down from £376.9m a year earlier .
One saw logistics company DHL becoming the club 's first training kit sponsor , in a four-year deal the BBC understands is worth £40m to the club .
Its loss , for the year to the end of July 2010 , included one-off costs from setting up a £526m bond scheme last January to replace outstanding debts of £509m .
The truth about Omega-3 , the good fat
Omega-3 fatty acids may have far-reaching health benefits .
The Omega-3 alphabet
Another form known as ALA is found in vegetable oils , flaxseed , walnuts , and dark leafy vegetables such as spinach .
They also decrease the risk for an abnormal heart rhythm , reduce levels of unhealthy fats in the bloodstream , and slow the rate of plaque build-up in the blood vessels .
Studies show a reduction in heart attacks and sudden death among heart attack survivors who boost their levels of omega-3s .
They can lower heart rate and reduce the risk of life-threatening arrhythmias or abnormal heart rhythms .
Omega-3 and triglycerides
Triglycerides collect in the bloodstream and in the body 's fat cells ( seen here ) .
Omega-3 and high blood pressure
One strategy is to replace red meat with fish during some meals .
It curbs plaque build-up inside blood vessels and has anti-clotting effects , so it may help prevent ischemic strokes , the type caused by clots or a blockage in the arteries .
Studies suggest omega-3s can reduce symptoms such as joint pain and stiffness in people with rheumatoid arthritis .
However , results of studies have been mixed so far .
Although more studies are needed , the evidence so far is promising .
Although evidence isn't conclusive and a diet supplement can't offer a cure-all for ADHD , omega-3s may provide some added benefits to traditional treatment .
In one study , older people with a diet high in omega-3 fatty acids had a lower risk of developing Alzheimer 's disease .
Omega-3 and cancer
The American Cancer Society recommends a diet that includes fish , but the organization stops short of endorsing omega-3 supplements for cancer prevention .
The Federal Trade Commission asked companies to stop that claim unless they can prove it scientifically .
The best source of omega-3 fatty acids is fish , though some varieties deliver a higher dose than others .
Tuna is an old-school staple in many people 's pantries that can be a good source of omega-3 .
For most people , mercury in fish is not a health concern .
* Avoid shark , swordfish , king mackerel , tilefish .
Omega-3 supplements
At high levels , omega-3 can increase the risk of bleeding and may interfere with some medications .
If you don't eat fish or fish oil , you can get a dose of DHA from algae supplements .
Avoiding the Omega-3 hype
For a measured dose of omega-3 , taking fish oil supplements may be more reliable .
The AHA recommends getting up to 10 % of your total daily calories from omega-6 fats , which are found in vegetable oils and nuts .
Tropical Storm Talas leaves 38 dead , 54 missing in Japan
Tokyo ( CNN ) -- The death toll from Talas , which swept across western Japan , has risen to 38 , local authorities said Tuesday morning .
The storm unleashed record rainfall that triggered landslides and flooding .
Wakayama is one of three prefectures on the mountainous Kii Peninsula , where damage from Talas was concentrated as the storm swept across the area on Saturday .
According to Japan 's meteorological agency , Talas brought record rain in the three prefectures over three days .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
His stomach hurt and he was throwing up .
He was n't hungry at all .
Miguel 's dad called the doctor , who asked them to come in right away .
Appendicitis is an inflammation of the appendix .
Blockage can be due to hard rock-like stool , inflammation of lymph nodes in the intestines , or even parasites .
If the infected appendix is not removed , it can eventually burst or rupture from the buildup of pressure .
The classic symptoms of appendicitis are abdominal pain and loss of appetite .
The pain from appendicitis can become steadily worse .
Development and duration of appendicitis
When to call the doctor
It ca n't be treated at home .
Ask before taking any pain medications ( such as acetaminophen or ibuprofen ) because your doctor will need to examine your abdomen for signs of pain and tenderness .
Also , if your doctor suspects you have appendicitis , you will probably be asked to stop eating or drinking ( precaution when a person is possibly going to have surgery ) .
Appendicitis is treated with surgery to remove the infected appendix .
Anesthesia puts a person in a deep sleep and prevents pain .
However , if the infected appendix ruptures before surgery , the person usually stays in the hospital longer to receive antibiotics that will help kill bacteria that may have spread to the abdominal cavity .
If you think you have appendicitis
Wireless Network Investment to Top $ 53 Billion by 2016
The $ 53 billion figure assumes a scenario in which U.S. carriers invest more rapidly and start to produce 4G-based offerings before global competitors gain traction .
The report , " The Impact of 4G Technology on Commercial Interactions , Economic Growth , and U.S. Competitiveness , " investigates the economic dynamics surrounding 4G technology and explains how the United States can maintain the global leadership position in mobile broadband innovation it won during the 3G era .
In this scenario , the demand stimulated by new offerings justifies more network investment , setting off a virtuous cycle of investment and market response that positions the United States to retain its mobile broadband leadership.
" Cloud computing will allow handheld devices to be more compact and efficient while making them tremendously more useful and powerful , " Asmundson said .
The advent of high-performance wireless capacity , coupled with cloud infrastructure and other advances , is proliferating new offerings and capabilities that exceed what has been possible with 3G technology , the report notes .
This includes applications such as augmented reality for businesses , machine-to-machine technology involving the use of sensors and actuators , and the development of smart highways .
EVBCorpus
UK CPI inflation rate rises to 4.4% in July
The UK government 's targeted rate of inflation rose in July , following higher prices for clothing and footwear and fees for financial services .
Clothing and footwear prices measured for CPI saw their biggest annual increase since records began in 1997 .
He blamed the continuing high inflation rate on , " the increase in the standard rate of VAT to 20% , and past increases in global energy prices and import prices " .
Chancellor George Osborne replied to Mr King 's letter saying that , " A crisis of confidence in the global economy demands a global response " .
It said one of the biggest contributions had come from fees for financial services , which rose in July but had fallen in the same month last year .
" The big picture is still that rises in energy prices and in particular the VAT hike at the start of the year are still keeping inflation high , " said Colin Ellis , chief economist at the British Private Equity and Venture Capital Association .
Under the government 's new formula , fares will be able to rise by RPI+ 3 % , which means average fares will be able to go up by 8% next year .
" It is evident that shoppers are trying to manage their 'personal " inflation by trading down , " said Edward Garner from Kantar Worldpanel .
EVBCorpus
Strauss-Kahn New York sexual assault case dismissed
The ruling means he is a free man , though he still faces a civil suit Ms Diallo filed this month .
Mr Strauss-K ahn , considered a French presidential contender before the case , arrived for the hearing in lower Manhattan on Tuesday in a six-car motorcade with his wife Anne Sinclair .
Ms Diallo claimed Mr Strauss-Kahn had confronted her in his luxury hotel suite in the city on 14 May and forced her to perform oral sex .
" I am most deeply grateful to my wife and family who have gone through this ordeal with me . "
Outside the court on Tuesday , Mr Strauss-K ahn 's lawyer , William Taylor , accused the media , police and prosecutors of a " collective rush to judgment " .
In court papers filed on Monday , Manhattan prosecutors said they did not feel at ease pursuing the case , citing deep concerns over Ms Diallo 's credibility .
But within weeks , prosecutors said there were inconsistencies in Ms Diallo 's accounts of the alleged assault and of her background .
Ms Diallo then took the unusual step of giving media interviews , defending her allegations against him , and on 8 August , she filed a civil suit against Mr Strauss-Kahn .
EVBCorpus
Has Samsung surpassed Nokia as the top mobile phone maker ?
Finnish phone maker Nokia Empty revealed this week that it likely sold 83 million mobile phones in the first quarter .
Samsung 's first-quarter sales or shipments , however you look at them , are less certain at this point .
Most analysts seem confident that the numbers came in higher than 83 million , though estimates vary .
Final results have yet to be tallied -- Samsung does n't report actual figures until April 27 .
To say that Samsung 's shipments may have outpaced Nokia 's sales is like comparing peaches and oranges .
Many analysts see a clear difference between the two companies .
But the company has struggled to compete in the higher-end smartphone market , where it 's been overshadowed by Apple and Android in recent years .
Over the same time , Samsung 's smartphone lineup shot up to 50 percent Empty_of its overall portfolio from 10 percent .
" The net result is Samsung edging out Nokia faster than expected . "
Blood test
Blood test
Iron is obtained from food and stored for use as ferritin , an iron-carrying protein .
Only a small amount is normally present in the blood , but it can still be used to estimate the body 's total iron stores .
If the situation is n't corrected , iron deficiency may eventually lead to anemia - a decreased amount of hemoglobin in the blood , resulting in difficulty delivering oxygen to the cells and tissues .
Some health conditions can result in too much iron and ferritin in the body ( iron overload ) .
This suspicion is often based on the results of routine blood tests , such as a complete blood counts , that show low hemoglobin levels .
But once levels drop below a certain amount , kids might experience symptoms such as fatigue , weakness , pale skin , rapid heartbeat , or dizziness .
No special preparations are needed for this test .
On the day of the test , it may help to have your child wear a short-sleeve shirt to allow easier access for the technician who will be drawing the blood .
The procedure
A needle is inserted into a vein ( usually in the arm inside of the elbow or on the back of the hand ) and blood is withdrawn and collected in a vial or syringe .
What to expect
The blood sample will be processed by a machine .
However , as with many medical tests , some problems can occur with having blood drawn :
Helping your child
Having a blood test is relatively painless .
Allow your child to ask the technician any questions he or she might have .
It also may help for your child to look away when the needle is being inserted into the skin .
If you have questions about the ferritin test , speak with your doctor .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
As a general rule , you can determine to what degree a country is liberalized economically by how easy it is to invest and do business in the country .
These barriers can include tax laws , foreign investment restrictions , legal issues and accounting regulations that can make it difficult or impossible to gain access to the country .
Unrestricted Flow of Capital
This is usually done by reducing protectionist policies such as tariffs , trade laws and other trade barriers .
A lower cost of capital allows companies to undertake profitable projects that they may not have been able to with a higher cost of capital pre-liberalization , leading to higher growth rates .
With a massive amount of resources ( both human and natura l ) , they believed the country was not growing and prospering to its full potential .
Subsequently , over the next several decades , China averaged a phenomenal real GDP growth rate of over 10% .
Fund managers and investors are always on the lookout for new opportunities for profit , and so a whole country that becomes available to be invested in will tend to cause a surge of capital to flow in .
The situation is similar in nature to the anticipation and flow of money into an initial public offering ( IPO ) .
However , like an IPO , the initial enthusiasm also eventually dies down and returns become more normal and more in line with fundamentals .
For the government to continue to attract more foreign investment , other areas beyond the ones mentioned earlier have to be strengthened as well .
All these changes together lower the political risks for investors , and this lower level of risk is also part of the reason the stock market in the liberalized country rises once the barriers are gone .
In general , the correlation between developed countries such as the United States and undeveloped or emerging countries is relatively low .
This happens because the country becomes more integrated with the rest of the world and has become more sensitive to events that happen outside the country .
This is exactly what happened in the financial crisis that started in 2008-2009 .
Economic liberalization is generally thought of as a beneficial and desirable process for emerging and developing countries .
UN warning over 12 million stateless people
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
It says the issue is becoming worse as stateless children are born to stateless parents .
" Shameful "
Only 66 states are signed up to the 1954 Convention entitling stateless people to minimum standards of treatment while a mere 38 are party to the 1961 Convention which provides a legal framework to help states reduce statelessness .
However , in recent months Croatia , Panama , the Philippines and Turkmenistan have all signed up to one or both of the international conventions , the UNHCR said .
EVBCorpus
Officials said 90% of homes were destroyed in some areas of the remote Acklins and Crooked Islands .
Irene was swirling about 530 miles ( 855km ) south-west of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina , according to the US National Hurricane Center , based in Miami .
Irene 's projected path is expected to take it well offshore of the east coast of central and northern Florida later on Thursday and early Friday , according to the NHC .
Lovely Bay on Acklins Island in the southern Bahamas was badly hit , said the National Emergency Management Agency .
On its website , The Tribune newspaper said homes had " been completely washed away or have lost entire roofs , power lines have been downed and trees are blocking roads " .
Nassau , on the most populated island of New Providence , was expected to see some flooding .
So far , there have been no reports of casualties .
Pleurisy - What you need to know
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
What is pleurisy ?
It means inflammation of the pleura - the thin , 2-layer protective membrane that covers the lungs and also lines the inside of the chest wall .
Acute or chronic ?
Wet or dry ?
This makes it harder for the underlying lung tissue to expand when the lungs are filling with air .
Pleurisy may result from a wide variety of conditions including :
* blood clots in the lung ( pulmonary embolism) ;
* allergic reactions to certain medications ;
* irritants such as asbestos ;
Primary pleurisy is inflammation that starts in the pleural tissue itself , often from an infection or following an injury , such as a broken rib
Secondary pleurisy means the pleurisy results from another lung or chest disease such as pneumonia , or even a tumour .
The most common symptom is chest pain that starts suddenly .
The pain may range from moderate to very severe , and it may either come and go , being made worse by breathing deeply , or it may be continuous .
Other symptoms of pleurisy may include :
* chills and fever ; and
This makes it easy to diagnose pleurisy .
EVBCorpus
There were no reports of major damage or serious injuries from the 5.8 magnitude quake , which was centered in Mineral , Virginia .
The Pentagon , White House and Capitol were evacuated in Washington , and thousands of alarmed workers scurried into the streets up and down the East Coast as the lunchtime quake sent items crashing down from store and office shelves .
" It was definitely significant . "
Federal workers were sent home early .
The U.S. East Coast does not normally experience quakes as strong as Tuesday 's .
" Today we had two significant earthquakes shake large portions of the country , " said David Wald , a geophysicist with the USGS .
CAPITOL SHAKEN
Bits of paint and plaster fell from high on the walls and chunks of plaster fell from above a doorway in the Capitol 's Statuary Hall .
" I thought at first somebody was shaking my chair and then I thought maybe it was a bomb , " said Senate aide Wendy Oscarson-Kirchner .
Dominion reported no major damage to the facility .
" What a spooky , strange feeling , " said Billy Simeonidis , the owner of BareBurger in Brooklyn .
Control towers at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City and Newark Liberty Airport in New Jersey were also evacuated , and flights were grounded briefly in Washington , Philadelphia and New York .
So this was over about 20 states , " said the USGS 's Wald .
" East Coasters freak out , West Coasters roll their eyes , " read one headline accompanying a story about Twitter reactions on the Hollywood website The Wrap.com .
EVBCorpus
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Lead author Robert Bowers , a graduate student at the University of Colorado Boulder and Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences ( CIRES ) , told the press on Thursday :
Some of them also cause or trigger human diseases , including asthma and seasonal allergies .
Yet , despite their importance , we don't know a lot about them , and it is only in the last few years that scientists have begun to realize the diversity of bacteria in the air :
" We are just starting to realize this uncharted microbial diversity in the air -- a place where you wouldn't exactly expect microbes to be living " .
For the study , the team analyzed the numbers and types of bacteria in nearly 100 local air samples , taken in summer and winter , at four places in the Great Lakes region of the US : three large cities of more than 2 million inhabitants ( Chicago Cleveland and Detroit ) , and one town with less than 6,000 people ( Mayville in Wisconsin ) .
Also , in the winter samples from two of the four locations , Detroit and Cleveland , the bacterial DNA signatures most closely resembled that of dog feces .
"As best as we can tell , dog feces are the only explanation for these results , " said Fierer , adding that they need to do more research before they can be sure .
" Does San Francisco have the same bacteria as New York ?
Funds from CIRES ( a joint institute of CU-Boulder and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ) , the US Environmental Protection Agency , the National Science Foundation , the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and the National Institutes of Health helped pay for the research , with additional support from the Lake Michigan Air Directors Consortium for air sample collection .
EVBCorpus
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Mr Jobs , who underwent a liver transplant following pancreatic cancer , said he could no longer meet his chief executive 's duties and expectations .
" Unfortunately , that day has come .
" I have made some of the best friends of my life at Apple , and I thank you all for the many years of being able to work alongside you . "
Analysts said the move was not unexpected , and would have little impact on the day-to-day running of the company .
Analysts said .
However , Apple shares slid more than 5% in after-hours trading , suggesting that some investors were less confident of the company 's prospects without Mr Jobs at the helm .
The firms compete with Apple in the smartphone and tablet-PC sector , and have been involved in legal battles with Apple over patent rights .
"Maybe this will make the playing field a bit more level , " Bryan Ma of IDC Asia-Pacific told the BBC 's Asia Business Report .
It sold more than 20 million iPhones in the period and 9.25 million iPads .
The company recently became the valuable US firm after its market capitalisation overtook that of oil company Exxon Mobil.
Next came the iPhone , which similarly revolutionised the smartphone market , while the iPad confounded some initial scepticism to prove hugely popular .
EVBCorpus
A BBC correspondent said Saif al-Islam seemed confident and full of adrenalin .
He told the BBC 's Matthew Price : " We have broken the backbone of the rebels . "
Saif al-Islam Gaddafi , 39 , had been widely regarded as a likely successor to his father .
Asked if Col Gaddafi was safe and in Tripoli , Saif al-Islam replied : " Of course . "
He has not been seen in public for months , although he has broadcast audio messages from undisclosed locations .
 Col Gaddafi 's eldest son Muhammad reportedly escaped from rebel custody hours after being detained
Ambush
But they have met stiff resistance in a number of areas .
The convoy forced to pull out of the city .
Our correspondents says it is impossible to determine who is telling the truth .
He appealed to Col Gaddafi to reduce further bloodshed by " explicitly relinquishing power to the people of Libya and calling on those forces that continue to fight to lay down their arms " .
Is United States Still Number One ?
There are other countries whose economies are expanding , but after World War II , when Europe was able to recover from the massive destruction of the war , as Japan recovered in its turn , that didn't reduce America 's influence , " he said .
It has raised several hundred million people out of poverty with its high growth rates and it is making very impressive progress .
And Meltzer says there is another reason for the American decline .
" The outside world sees a very messy political process and many people say it shows Americans in decline .
" We go through cycles like this every decade or two .
Today people are claiming the Chinese are 10 feet-tall - but I think we 'll outgrow all of this ," he added .
Many experts , including Ambassador John Bolton , say in the final analysis , the role that America will play in the years ahead remains in its own hands - and that 's what a democracy is all about .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
In my 20 plus years here , the Vietnamese have never been negative or pessimistic , but today they seem to be adopting the negative sentiment .
Some good news is that Europe seems to have weathered the current storm , although it is not out of the woods , just yet .
Investors were sitting on the sidelines questioning Vietnam 's macroeconomic stability and policies .
For the more seasoned campaigners who have been through many crises in Vietnam going back to 1990 when the Soviet Union withdrew its financial support , the one thing we have learnt is , Vietnam does have the capacity to address and resolve economic problems even though it may be slow to react .
The State Bank has successfully stabilised the currency , since the devaluation in February 2011 .
The Government 's target of keeping any exchange rate movement against the US dollar to less than 3 per cent Empty_in 2012 seems to be highly plausible .
This is the best indication that the Government is achieving success in its efforts to de-dollarise the economy .
Gross domestic product ( GDP ) continues to grow at a healthy rate which many countries can only dream of .
According to a recent HSBC survey , Vietnam is listed as one of the 10 growth economies from now till 2050 , with a projected long-term average growth of 5.5 per annum .
Another area to show improvement is the trade deficit .
Of course caution is needed here as this may reflect a slow down in orders , which may translate into a fall in exports .
Foreign direct investment ( FDI ) continues to match the levels seen over the last three years , despite of increasing competition from Indonesia .
That is investments by Private Equity Funds and trade buyers who are investing directly into Vietnamese businesses through share acquisition .
With the above trends and the continued high level of overseas remittances there is no pressure on Vietnam 's foreign exchange reserves .
The top tier banks are showing signs of improved liquidity and merging of the weaker banks with the stronger banks is actually starting to happen .
My glass is certainly half full not half empty .
Managing Partner - Grant Thornton ( Vietnam ) Limited
EVBCorpus
Man Utd to float stake in club on Singapore market
Our correspondent says it could raise between £400m and £600m for the club .
At the same time , it would provide the Glazers with much needed cash that would help pay off some of the debt that was taken on to finance the takeover .
The region has become a growth area for the club and other Premier League teams .
The Manchester United Supporters Trust , which opposes the Glazer family 's ownership of the club , was suspicious about the flotation .
The Trust wants to see Manchester United owned by its fans , and is concerned that the Singapore listing could provide a " poisoned pill " to such hopes .
And the SGX also says that any business seeking a listing will have to appoint a Singapore-based financial institution to be its sponsor and lead manager for the listing .
There was also a drop in player sale income compared with the previous summer when Cristiano Ronaldo was sold .
Tattoos linked to rare skin infection , CDC
The confirmed case is of a healthy 44-year-old man who received a tattoo on his left forearm at a commercial tattoo parlor in August 2009 .
The yet to be confirmed case is of a healthy 35-year-old man who received his tattoo at the same parlor two months later .
12 days later he sought medical help .
None of the samples taken from various sites in the parlor , including the source of tap water , the tip of a reusable black ink container , various bits of equipment , the soap dispenser , and so on , showed traces of mycobacteria when tested by the CDC .
They suggest tattoo operators probably use tap water because :
Washington State does not specifically require tattoo artists to use steam-distilled or sterile water when rinsing needles or diluting ink . "
So their conclusion , and recommendation is that despite the fact infections due to water appear uncommon , operators should not use tap water for tattoo procedures .
EVBCorpus
Fat disrupts sugar sensors causing type 2 diabetes '
One of the main risk factors for type 2 diabetes is being overweight - rising obesity levels have contributed to a doubling of diabetes cases in the last 30 years .
Key to this is the enzyme GnT-4a .
Researchers at the University of California and the Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute say they have shown how fat disrupts the enzyme 's production .
These fatty acids interfered with two proteins - FOXA2 and HNF1A - involved in the production of GnT-4a .
The same process also took place in samples of human pancreatic cells .
Lead researcher Dr Jamey Marth said : " The observation that beta cell malfunction significantly contributes to multiple disease signs , including insulin resistance , was unexpected . "
Dr Iain Frame , Director of Research at Diabetes UK , said : " This is a well-executed study into possible factors responsible for the events that lead to type 2 diabetes .
US economic data heightens recession fears
New data on the US economy , including a huge drop in a regional manufacturing survey , has heightened market fears of a new recession .
Meanwhile , sales in the heavily depressed US housing market fell unexpectedly , despite mortgage rates hitting their lowest level in 50 years .
It slumped to -30.7 points in August from +8.2 points in July .
It is now at its lowest level since March 2009 , and Grant Lewis , head of economic research at Daiwa Capital Markets in London , said the Philadelphia index was now " at levels that point towards recession territory " .
Meanwhile , the US housing market continued to disappoint .
There was some good news for the housing market , with average interest rates on 30-year mortgages falling to a record low of 4.15 % over the past week , according to the US government home loans agency Freddie Mac .
Under QE , central banks pump new money into the financial system to try to boost the economy .
EVBCorpus
According to latest research , babies born weighing less than 2.5 kg ( 5.5 lb ) are five times more likely to suffer cot death than those of normal weight .
Deaths have fallen by over 70 % since parents began following risk reduction advice in the late 1980s .
" All mothers whose babies are born under 2.5 kg should follow the recommendations to sleep their babies in a separate cot , in a room with them , for the first six months . "
Cot death risks also varied geographically .
EVBCorpus
The Bank of Japan ( BOJ ) has increased its stimulus programme for the second time in just over two months in a bid boost the country 's economic growth .
" The bank is trying to send a message that they are supporting the market and the economic recovery , just like they did in February , " said Masamichi Adachi of JP Morgan Securities .
The Japanese central bank has been trying to reverse the trend and has set a target of 1 % consumer price growth .
Excluding food and energy costs , which are highly volatile , consumer prices fell 0.5 % from last year .
" The core consumer price index number shows that deflationary conditions are continuing ... it shows what a difficult task the Bank of Japan faces , " said Ayako Sera of Sumitomo Trust and Banking .
EVBCorpus
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The reasons are unclear , say researchers .
A study by the University of Minnesota showed women are at greater risk from smoking than men .
The report showed that : " Women had a significant 25% increased risk for coronary heart disease conferred by cigarette smoking compared with men . "
The report 's author Rachel Huxley said the risks adjusted for each sex were not available - but she roughly estimated them to be around a 1.8 fold increase if men start smoking and around a 2.3 fold increase for women .
Biological differences between the sexes could mean women are more vulnerable to coronary heart disease or there could be differences in the way women smoke .
The chief executive of Heart UK , Jules Payne , said : " Smoking cessation policies and practice should take account of differences between the genders in order to optimise effectiveness in targeting both men and women . "
" Government plans for plain packaging of tobacco products are urgently needed to stop the cynical marketing that particularly targets young women with slim cigarettes in small , attractive packs in appealing textures and colours . "
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
An early search found five fake stores , two of which were shut down for trading without a licence .
The investigation into unauthorised Apple stores in Kunming was brought about when an American living in the city published a blog post describing a visit to one such shop .
Describing it as a " beautiful rip-off " , BirdAbroad revealed how far the owners had gone to copy the decor and ambience of a real Apple store .
The shops have been told to stop using the logos as Chinese laws prohibit copying the " look and feel " of another company without permission .
EVBCorpus
Trying to read to a toddler who just wo n't sit still can be frustrating .
Gabrielle sits in her mom 's lap as the two of them examine the page — her mom names the orange juice , milk , and waffles and Gabrielle points to the pictures .
Reading to toddlers sets the foundation for later independent reading .
But before they can read independently , they need emergent literacy skills , including :
* knowing the letters of the alphabet
Just reading to your child as often as possible is the best way to help him or her learn to read independently .
Between the ages of 1 and 3 , they know triumphs and challenges , so it can help for toddlers to hear stories about other kids and how they managed fears about what 's under the bed and tackled the challenge of using the potty .
Reading together regularly can strengthen that connection , helping your toddler feel safe and comfortable .
Choosing regular times to read ( especially before naps and bedtime ) helps kids learn to sit with a book and rel a x .
It 's a great spot for :
* showing new things
Encourage this by offering three or four books to choose from , praising the selection , letting your toddler help you turn pages , and asking for help as you look for things on a page .
Here are some additional reading tips :
* Read slowly enough for your toddler to understand .
* Encourage your toddler to clap or sing when you read rhythmic , sing-song books .
Then ask your child to name them with you and offer enthusiastic praise .
* Substitute your child 's name for the name of a character in the book .
Sitting still not required
It 's important to be patient and keep trying .
Remember that toddlers love repetition — if your child seems uninterested in books , you may need to find a favorite and read it over and over again .
Keep the book out — kids might want to return to it later , which you should encou rage .
You might want to keep reading even if your child moves around .
The sound of your voice will be a soothing reminder of your bedtime routine and that books are a part of it .
Do n't assume that because your child is n't looking at you or the book that he or she is n't interested or listening .
Do n't forget to provide paper and crayons so your child can practice writing .
Maintain your toddler 's interest by choosing books with small amounts of text on the page and books about topics that you know are of interest .
Books about bedtime , baths , or mealtime are all good choices ; so are books about saying hello or good-bye .
They 're also beginning to understand the mechanics of reading and like books that are repetitive and easy to memorize so that they can " read " along .
Toddlers love to look at homemade books , scrapbooks , or photo albums full of people they know ( try adding simple captions ) .
Keeping books available
Keep books in a basket on the floor or on a low shelf where your child can reach them easily and look at them independently .
And let your child see you reading — he or she is sure to imitate you .
Japan economy slows less than expected in last quarter
Most forecasters were expecting drops of about 2.6% and 0.9% .
He added that growth was given a lift by carmakers getting their production back on line .
Despite this bounce , Japan 's government has also been warning of the risks to the recovery .
A recession is defined as two consecutive quarters of contraction , or shrinking economic output .
EVBCorpus
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
It is measured as an annual percentage increase as reported in the Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) , generally prepared on a monthly basis by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Consumers , businesses and investors are impacted by any upward trend in prices .
Back in the period from 1979 to 1986 , the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) experimented with " inflation accounting , " which required that companies include supplemental constant dollar and current cost accounting information ( unaudited ) in their annual reports .
With little fanfare or protest , SFAS No. 33 was quietly rescinded in 1986 .
In a balance sheet , fixed assets - property , plant and equipment - are valued at their purchase prices ( historical cost ) , which may be significantly understated compared to the assets " present day market values .
Financial analysts tend to like the understated or conservative impact on a company 's financial position and earnings that are generated by the application of LIFO valuations as opposed to other methods such as first-in , first-out ( FIFO ) and average cost .
These indexes are the two most important measurements of retail and wholesale inflation , respectively .
The important thing to remember about this data is that it is the trend of both indicators over an extended period of time that is more relevant to investors than any single release .
Interest Rates
The periodic meetings of the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) are a major news event in the investment community .
If the opposite occurs , the Fed will push its target rate lower .
It is generally assumed that stocks , because companies can raise their prices for goods and services , are a better hedge against inflation than fixed-income investments .
Inflation has been fairly tame in recent history ; however , it 's doubtful that investors can take this circumstance for granted .
It is not intrinsically good or bad , but it certainly does impact the investing environment .
One thing is clear : depending on personal circumstances , investors need to maintain a blend of equity and fixed-income investments with adequate real returns to address inflationary issues .
Four EU nations ban short-selling on banking stocks
Short-selling is when traders profit from bets on the fall in a share price .
All forms of short-selling are included in the ban .
In Thursday trading on Societe Generale 's share price started up 8% , before falling by the same amount , and then recovering to finish 3% higher .
To our clients , we have to tell them that these rumours are baseless and that they can have confidence in Societe Generale . "
Spanish banks included in the ban are Santander , BBVA , Sabadell , Bankinter , Banco Popular , and Banca Civica .
The fear is that the banks will have to write-down the value of their holdings in the government bonds of these nations .
Baby gender blood tests " accurate "
Baby gender blood tests " accurate "
Yet few studies , until now , have scrutinised how well they perform .
A routine ultrasound scan of the baby can only give a gender prediction at about 12 weeks .
But critics of the tests argue that the blood tests could also be used for family balancing - where couples will only continue with the pregnancy if , for example , the baby is a girl because they already have three boys .
" If you can test from seven weeks of pregnancy then that means knowing the sex a month before a scan could tell you , which is helpful . "
Dr Gillian Lockwood , medical director of Midland Fertility Services , agreed , saying : " In the UK we would not normally approve of someone who decided to terminate because it was a 'blue ' pregnancy rather than a 'pink ' one .
But there 's the danger that this is part of a slippery slope . "
Fall in US consumer spending fuels economic worries
The US Department of Commerce said spending fell 0.2% in June , while incomes rose 0.1% .
The economy added just 18,000 net jobs in June , the smallest rise in nine months .
" If the recovery is ever going to gain speed , it will have to come from households deciding they want to spend money again ," said Joel Naroff , chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors .
EVBCorpus
9 Mistakes new parents make
All parents make mistakes .
The truth is no one is infallible -- especially new parents .
" Many new parents have overblown physical reactions to spitting up , vomiting , and other things a baby does , " explains New York City – based psychoanalyst Leon Hoffman .
Is she spitting up too much ?
Hoffman says , " This worry gets in the way of being spontaneous and enjoying your infant 's first year of life .
" That 's because we associate crying with the fact that we are doing something wrong and we need to fix it . "
" Babies are designed to cry , " she tells WebMD.
For the most part , crying is just part of being a baby .
" Breastfed babies can -- and should -- sleep through the night , " says Walker .
Walker says , " The difference ( between spit-up and vomit ) is frequency , not forcefulness . "
" Any fever over 100.4°F rectally in the first three months of a baby 's life is an emergency , " Walker says .
An infant 's immune system is not set up to handle an infection on its own . "
Or go to get help putting it in .
7 : Neglecting oral care
Pressner offers tips to help new parents know how to do that :
* Do n't give your infant milk in bed once teeth have erupted .
* It 's also important to make sure your child is getting enough fluoride .
8 : Ignoring your marriage
" And while you have to focus a lot on the new baby , you must somehow maintain a sense of being a couple . "
" Many new parents go to the wrong places for parenting advice , " says Walker .
EVBCorpus
A new sensor that could look like a tiny stirrer or straw can be placed in the drink and accurately tell whether it has been spiked .
In the final production they may make it look like a stirrer .
Maybe it will just light up , or a part of it will rotate or maybe it will send a signal to your cell phone because you want to be discreet about it . "
The majority of the victims are teenagers or young adults .
They say the detection was 100% accurate for several drugs , including ketamine and GHB ( gamma-hydroxybutyric acid ) .
Adding these substances to drinks is known as drink spiking .
5 Ways to Keep Your Google Private Browsing
Google 's one unified privacy policy went into effect on March 1 .
With the unified privacy policy in mind , and the idea that your browsing history could be used against you , is it even possible to keep your information private ?
Tip # 1 : Sign Out of Google When You 're Done
Rea dy ?
But even if you 're logged out , Google will still be able to see your computer 's IP address .
" That way , if you 're a closet Justin Bieber fan , you can search for Bieber and still return to your regular browsing later . "
But even if you do go " incognito , " websites may still collect or share information about you .
On Firefox , you can turn on private browsing and " do not track " .
If you 're on an iPhone , go into Settings > Safari , and turn on private browsing .
" So while you 're still in private browsing mode , it 's liable to track your behavior . "
Try a search engine like DuckDuckGo .
" If you want to run your Internet connection through something like Anonymizer , then Google wo n't be able to see your IP address , " says Cobb .
Tor , which you can find on torproject.org , is a free software and open network that defends against network surveillance , keeping you anonymous around the Web .
Disconnect .Me believes that a user 's personal info should " be treated with respect , that you should be the steward of your digital self , and that you should own your own data . "
The makers of Disconnect.Me also created Facebook Disconnect .
It 's important not to overlook the information that Facebook , too , is gathering on you .
" VPNs are becoming another tool , " says Faulkner .
AnchorFree is essentially a VPN to the user 's IP address , so your IP address is theirs and your real IP address is hidden .
It is available on iPhone , Mac , Android and Windows .
" Private browsing features erase your cookies after you close that window . "
Go to Account Settings in your email .
Disabling this Web history does n't prevent Google from gathering and storing information for its internal purposes , but it might make you feel more at ease .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Those detained include the surgeon who removed the kidney from the boy in April last year .
State-run Xinhua news agency says the group received around $ 35,000 ( £22,000 ) for the transp lant .
The 17-year-old was reportedly recruited for the illegal trade through an online chatroom .
Organ shortage
While Apple iPhones and iPads are very popular in China , they are priced beyond the reach of many urban workers .
Official figures from the health ministry show that about 1.5 million people need transplants , but only 10,000 are performed annually .
EVBCorpus
Mars : Nasa images show signs of flowing water
They emerge between rocky outcrops and flow hundreds of metres down steep slopes towards the plains below .
" It 's hard to imagine they are formed by anything other than fluid seeping down slopes , " said Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter Project Scientist Richard Zurek of Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , but they appear when it 's still too cold for fresh water .
Saltiness lowers the temperature at which water freezes , and water about as salty as Earth 's oceans could exist at these sites in summer .
" Liquid water is absolutely essential for life , and we 've found life on Earth in pretty much every moist niche , " said Dr Lewis Dartnell , astrobiologist at University College London , who was not involved in the study
" Halophilic microbes are champions at withstanding the most punishing conditions , complete desiccation and ionising ( space ) radiation . "
Nightmares
Ben is in the middle of a wonderful dream .
Along comes a giant sea creature poised for attack .
When he calls out , his mom comes in to see what 's wrong .
What exactly is a nightmare ?
It can may make you feel scared , anxious , or upset , but nightmares are not real and can't harm you .
Because during this stage of sleep , your eyes move back and forth under your closed eyelids .
The longest periods of REM sleep occur towards morning .
That 's why your most vivid dreams - and nightmares - occur in the early morning hours .
This usually means dealing with things most kids have to face : problems at home , problems at school , and stress from sports or schoolwork .
Certain medications also can cause nightmares .
How can I prevent nightmares ?
Unless you 're sick or did n't get enough sleep the night before , avoid naps during the day .
This helps some kids feel more secure .
Keep your door open .
What if the nightmares do n't go away ?
Just talking about what happened might make you feel better .
For example , Ben could imagine hopping on that sea monster and bringing his family along for a great ride .
Tracking your dreams - good and bad - and how your felt before you went to sleep can give you a better sense of how your mind works at night .
A doctor can determine whether your nightmares are the result of a physical condition .
Dreaming about something scary does not mean it will happen in real life .
If you need to snuggle with a parent or even a sister or brother , that 's all right .
HSBC to axe 30,000 jobs despite pre-tax profits rise
HSBC is looking to cut thousands of jobs across its global operations
Together , the job cuts amount to about 10% of HSBC 's total workforce , although the company stressed it will also be recruiting staff by 2013 .
On Sunday , it announced the sale of 195 US retail branches , primarily in New York , to First Niagara Bank for about $ 1bn .
'Right direction "
In the UK , pre-tax profits for the period were £843m , an increase of 29% .
" The global economy appears to be losing momentum in its recovery .
It was , however , more optimistic about the prospects for emerging economies .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
So how can we get there ?
According to " The Millionaire Next Door " by Thomas J. Stanley , Ph.D and William D. Danko , Ph.D , the average millionaire is married with three children .
The cost of a divorce depends on many factors including income , attorney fees , court fees , and the assets a couple has and how they are divided .
If you are able , consider structuring your set expenses based on only one income , and save what comes in from the other income .
According to The Millionaire Next Door , " self-employed people make up less than 20 % of the workers in America but account for two-thirds of the millionaires . "
The right career would also coincide with overall working trends , or at least not work directly against them .
Nearly 20 % of the household 's wealth is held in " transaction securities such as publicly traded stocks and mutual funds " and the millionaires tended to rarely sell their equities .
The end result ?
5 . Do n't Live the Millionaire Lifestyle
If it is important to you to build your financial worth , stop spending it on new cars , toys and clothes .
Be smart with your money and before you know it , you 'll be able to count yourself among the world 's wealthier citizens .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Price is a central mechanism in economics as it represents the place where suppliers and consumers do business , so it is interesting to explore these differences and the factors that shape them .
Food is a good proxy for some of the differences in prices between countries , as everybody eats and an egg is an egg wherever one may roam .
While the latter makes sense (there are n't large herds of cattle wandering Taiwa n ) , Australia is a bit surprising with its ranching culture .
Just to confuse matters a bit more , take Coca-Cola .
The same three km taxi ride could cost less than $ 1 in Delhi , India , about $ 7 in Cape Town , South Africa , $ 10 in New York City , or $ 14 in Tokyo , Japan .
The economic concept of the law of one price holds that identical goods should have the same price in different markets and the differences should be reflected in the currency exchange rates .
Where inflation becomes particularly problematic is in cases where there is unexpected inflation and wages are slow to adjust – that leaves consumers facing bigger outlays at the market , but without the corresponding increase in take-home pay .
As a country that imports a lot of its products and has a fierce anti-inflation bias ( and the highest interest rates in the developed world ) , it is not so surprising then that so many goods are expensive in Australia .
Conversely , a lot of arable land in India goes towards lentils and other legumes and the price per pound there is quite low .
On the other hand , Saudi Arabia and Venezuela subsidize gasoline for its citizens and gas costs about a dime per gallon in Venezuela .
The Bottom Line
In other cases , like the international discrepancies in branded drug prices , they are a matter of serious national interest .
Whatever the case may be , buying power and quality of life are interrelated and while buying more things may not make people happier in the long run , the cost of everyday necessities can be an issue of political and economic stability in many countries .
Pregnancy stroke surge in the US
The Stroke Association said it was concerned by the sharp increase .
This study compared data from more than 1,000 hospitals in 1994-5 with 2006-7 .
Dr Elena Kuklina , lead researcher from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said : " I am surprised at the magnitude of the increase , which is substantial .
" Since pregnancy by itself is a risk factor , if you have one of these other stroke risk factors , it doubles the risk . "
Male infertility tied to common gene mutation that lets sperm get zapped by female immune system
EVBCorpus
Male infertility tied to common gene mutation that lets sperm get zapped by female immune system
Infertility affects between 10 and 15 % of the US population , and in about half of these cases , the problem is male fertility .
The researchers were investigating defensins , natural germ-killer proteins found on mucosal surfaces , in a search for ways to make contraceptive vaccines , when they came across one called beta-defensin 126 and started looking more closely at its properties .
The researchers came upon their discovery almost by chance , as often happens in science .
But when they used sperm from a different donor , they were able to make the protein .
And what Cherr , Bevins and colleagues found was that many men carry a defective DEFB126 gene .
But , when they tested the sperms " ability to swim through hyaluronic acid gel , an artificial gel made to resemble human cervical mucus , they found that sperm from carriers of two defective variants " exhibited an 84 % reduction in the rate of penetration ...compared to the other genotypes " .
In another phase of the study that took place at Anhui Medical University in Anhui , China , the researchers carried out a prospective cohort study of newly married couples who were trying to conceive by natural means , and found that they were less likely to become pregnant and took longer to achieve a live birth if the male partner carried two copies of the defective DEFB126 gene .
" This common sequence variation in DEF B126 , and its apparent effect of impaired reproductive function , will allow a better understanding , clinical evaluation , and possibly treatment of human infertility . "
Lead author of the study , Dr Ted Tollner , is an adjunct assistant professor in the UC Davis Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology .
He explained that the quality of human sperm is typically quite poor compared to sperm from monkey and other mammals .
It swims slowly and has a high rate of defective cells .
But some researchers say that human male fertility has been falling worldwide in recent decades , and we do n't know why .
" A Common Mutation in the Defensin DEFB126 Causes Impaired Sperm Function and Subfertility . "
Link to Abstract .
EVBCorpus
Microsavings Could Mean Big Gains for the World 's Poor
Modern microfinance started with Nobel Prize-winning economist Muhammad Yunus in Bangladesh .
Now , microfinance institutions are starting to offer other services , including savings plans .
Recently , the non-profit group Small Enterprise Education and Promotion held a conference in Washington .
The goal is help microfinance industry experts share ideas .
Rosita Najmi is FAB 's program director .
Debbie Dean of the Grameen Foundation says these efforts can also be extended to other financial services .
He says more training is needed .
Small savings deposits add up .
He says the amount of money that poor people have is unimaginable .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
China 's official Purchasing Managers Index ( PMI ) fell to 49.0 in November , the lowest level since March 2009 .
" The November PMI dropped further to below the boom-bust line of 50 ... indicates that the economic growth pace would continue to moderate in the future , " said Zhang Liqun , a researcher with the Development Research Centre of the State Council .
Slowing demand
However , recent economic problems in two of its biggest export markets - the US and Europe - have raised concerns about whether the sector can maintain its growth pace .
The new export orders index dipped to 45.6 in November from 48.6 the month before , indicating an accelerating decline in demand .
EVBCorpus
Today , Google followed by finally launching Google Drive — after a series of early appearances hinted that it was going to be arriving very , very soon .
In terms of disk space in the cloud , SkyDrive offers you the most bang for your non-buck .
Worried those base storage amounts wo n't cut the mustard ?
All three services offer paid upg rades .
Selective Sync
Platform Support
If you work with Microsoft Office files on a regular basis and need 100 % compatibility , SkyDrive might be the best choice due to its tight connection with the Office Web Apps .
It 's been much more widely adopted by developers than SkyDrive .
We 'll see what happens in the coming months .
There 's no one-siz​e fits all solution when it comes to cloud storage and sync apps , but fortunately there are plenty of good options out there .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Murray , however , could serve only half his sentence due to overcrowding in California 's prison system .
Pastor said Murray lied repeatedly and had not shown remorse for his actions in the treatment of Jackson , who battled insomnia .
Murray 's lawyers argued Jackson gave himself the fatal dosage without the doctor 's knowledge .
Prior to his death , he had been planning a series of comeback concerts .
Dream sleep eases painful memories
Researchers at the University of California ( UC ) , Berkeley , have discovered that during REM or the dream phase sleep , our body 's stress chemistry shuts down while the brain processes emotional experiences and eases the pain in difficult memories .
They suggest their findings , reported online in the journal Current Biology on Wednesday , offer a compelling explanation for why people with post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) have recurring nightmares and a hard time recovering from distressing experiences .
Previous studies have shown that people with PTSD , depression and other mood disorders have disrupted sleep patterns .
"During REM sleep , memories are being reactivated , put in perspective and connected and integrated , but in a state where stress neurochemicals are beneficially suppressed . "
The second group also viewed the same images twice , but the first time was in the evening and the second time was 12 hours later in the morning , after a full night 's sleep .
This reduction allowed the " rational " prefrontal cortex part of the brain to regain control of the participants ' emotional reactions , said the researchers .
Walker says we already know that REM sleep is accompanied by a sharp fall in levels of norepinephrine , a brain chemical associated with stress .
He and his colleagues write in their conclusion :
" ... we demonstrate that REM sleep physiology is associated with an overnight dissipation of amygdala activity in response to previous emotional experiences , altering functional connectivity and reducing next-day subjective emotionality . "
" This study can help explain the mysteries of why these medications help some PTSD patients and their symptoms as well as their sleep , " he says , adding that " it may also unlock new treatment avenues regarding sleep and mental illness " .
EVBCorpus
Also Monday , a mortar round landed inside Green Zone , killing at least two people , police said .
Twenty-eight others were injured in the attack , including prison guards and civilians .
Also Monday , a mortar round landed inside Green Zone , killing at least two people , police said .
Mitral Valve Prolapse
Many kids and grown-ups have something called mitral valve prolapse .
What Is the Mitral Valve ?
Blood comes from all over the body into the heart 's right atrium .
From the left atrium it goes into the left ventricle , which pumps the blood out to the body so the body can use the oxygen in the blood .
This keeps the blood in the ventricle from going back into the left atrium .
In some other kids , they may not shut properly .
Almost all kids who have it lead totally normal lives .
Doctors often do n't know why someone has mitral valve prolapse .
A doctor may hear this when listening to the heart with a stethoscope .
o feel dizzy or lightheaded
o feel that their heart is beating very fast
What Will the Doctor Do ?
First , the cardiologist will talk to you and your parents for a while and ask some questions about your health .
If the doctor discovers that you do have mitral valve prolapse , you probably wo n't need any treatment .
Germs ( called bacteria ) travel through our blood every day and once in a while they can stick to your mitral valve , and can cause an infection in the heart .
Now we know that this is not necessary .
Bacteria that normally live in your mouth can then sneak more easily through your irritated gums and go into your bloodstream .
o see your dentist every 6 months
If you have mitral valve prolapse and no other problems , you wo n't have to do anything special to take care of yourself .
Most kids with mitral valve prolapse can play sports without a problem .
Top 20 Windows 8 Features
Here is a look at the 20 features that Windows 8 users will appreciate the most .
2 . Traditional Desktop
Part of the new Metro UI , Metro apps are full screen and easy to install , offering an immersive new way to work with Windows .
A tile located on the Metro UI start screen offers one-click access to the Windows Store .
Windows 8 ships with two versions of Internet Explorer 10 , the classic desktop version and a new full-screen immersive browser that is lightweight and easy to use .
8 . SkyDrive Connectivity
SkyDrive soon will support large file siz ​es , meaning you will be able to transfer files that are up to 2GB in siz ​e .
10 . Search Bar
With the snap-to feature , you can snap together multiple Metro apps onto the screen , or you can snap Metro apps to your classic desktop applications , giving you the best of both UIs .
These are two new options offered in addition to the existing system restore and other recovery options available in previous versions of Windows .
A new feature called Storage Spaces allows you to pool hard drives and access data across them as though they were one large hard drive .
16 . Ribbon and Quick Access Toolbar
18 . Metro Video App
20 . Reduced Hardware Requirements
EVBCorpus
They can be as small as grains of sand or as large as golf balls .
Kidney stones are a common cause of blood in the urine and often severe pain in the abdomen , flank , or groin .
Other chemical compounds that can form stones in the urinary tract include uric acid and the amino acid cystine .
Some people are more likely to get kidney stones because of a medical condition or family history , as the tendency to form kidney stones may also be inherited .
If other people in your family have had them , you may have them too .
White Americans are more prone to develop kidney stones than African Americans , and they occur more frequently in men .
What are symptoms of kidney stones ?
Symptoms and signs include excruciating , cramping pain in the lower back and/or side , groin , or abdomen as well as blood in the urine .
If infection is present in the urinary tract along with the stones , there may be fever and chills .
The diagnosis of kidney stones is suspected by the typical pattern of symptoms when other possible causes of the abdominal or flank pain are excluded .
In pregnant women or those who should avoid radiation exposure , an ultrasound examination may be done to help establish the diagnosis .
There are several factors which influence the ability to pass a stone .
Stones larger than 9-10 mm rarely pass on their own and usually require treatment .
Surgical techniques have also been developed to remove kidney stones .
Try to drink enough water to keep your urine clear ( about eight to 10 glasses of water a day ) .
Vitamins C and D can increase your risk of kidney stones when you take more than the daily recommendations .
Getting the recommended amounts of calcium combined with a low-sodium , low-protein diet may decrease your risk of kidney stones .
In one study , weight gain since early adulthood , a high body mass index ( BMI ) , and a large waist size increased a person 's risk for kidney stones .
EVBCorpus
Pre-eclampsia predicted using test during pregnancy
Experts say a simple , predictive test during pregnancy would be valuable .
Pre-eclampsia is a disorder which appears in the late stages of pregnancy and is characterised by high blood pressure and excess protein in the urine .
Dr Vesna Garovic assessed a test which detects the shedding of kidney cells called podocytes in the urine .
In this study , all the women who went on to develop pre-eclampsia had podocytes in their urine , while none of the 15 who went on to develop high blood pressure or the 44 healthy pregnant women did .
Ann Marie Barnard , chief executive of Action on Pre-Eclampsia , said an accurate test would help many women .
And Andrew Shennan , professor of obstetrics at St Thomas Hospital in London , said : " Being able to use a simple accurate test in pregnancy , such as from a urine sample , would be valuable in identifying those women to watch closely .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
A little over 25 percent of the Internet zones under .com , .net and .org surveyed supported IPv6 , compared to a mere 1.27 percent a year ago , according to an IPv6 Census released Nov. 21 .
The significant increase was directly attributed to Go Daddy , which claims to be the world 's largest domain registrar .
Liu called the results " beyond " any of his expectations .
IPv6 is the next generation Internet protocol designed to be a successor for the current system , known as IPv4 , to determine the numeric addresses for each system .
Registrars adding IPv6 offerings was good news for customers looking to adopt the next-generation protocol , because it was all taken care of for them and would require little to no work on their part , Liu said .
The World IPv6 Day in June was a one-day test in which participating organizations around the world switched their networks by default to IPv6 for a 24-hour period .
How Economic Reality Influences The Market
Quite simply , there is a link between real economic activity and stock prices .
But this link is sometimes tenuous , and it is just not true that when the economy is doing well , you can be sure that stocks will go up in an appropriate manner , and vice versa .
If you look at a chart of business cycle fluctuations , superimposed on a stock market index , you will see that the stock market generally and roughly follows .
Interest Rates
Get the idea ?
Throughout economic history , we have seen how markets overshoot and push prices up to levels that are not justified by the real economy .
Note that these are non-economic factors , meaning that the stock market reflects these too .
Apart from the hard and soft factors described above , a fundamental reason for buying stocks is , simply , that people think other buyers will pay more for them in the future .
The result is that it is impossible to know in advance which " fundamentals " and non-fundamentals will really prevail .
Likewise , some stocks , sectors and asset classes that look good , in themselves , are really worth having .
Despite the multitude of influences that are potentially relevant , some are more important than others at certain times , and for certain assets .
Likewise , truly disastrous unemployment figures must cause pessimism and eventually lead to stock sales .
Some will still do better than others , and individual schemes and assets will likely go bust along the way , but the general economic reality of the " age of aging " will be reflected in stock prices .
The fact that there is money to be made from jumping on this bandwagon is incontrovertible .
Nonetheless , this does not stop the resource sector from being volatile .
But , there is no real reliable and consistent link that persists through all-market cycles in a predictable pattern .
The dog often runs this way and that , often in a rather unpredictable matter .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
This year of the dragon , according to Chinese and Vietnamese astrology , was meant to be fortuitous for Nguyen Duc Kien , one of Vietnam 's most prominent and aggressive tycoons .
While the charges may sound trifling , he faces a maximum of up to two years in jail if found guilty by Vietnam 's justice system which , like every other part of the state , is controlled by the Communist party , and rarely acquits suspects .
But analysts and foreign diplomats in Vietnam believe that the moves against two of the country 's first generation of tycoons could symbolise a backlash against those who have profited from an economic boom that has lined the pockets of many businesspeople and politicians but left the country racked by economic instability and bad debts
Born on outskirts of Hanoi , Mr Kien studied at an army academy in Ho Chi Minh City before continuing his military education in 1981 in Hungary .
After helping build ACB into one of Vietnam 's strongest non-state lenders and attracting investment from the likes of Standard Chartered bank and Jardine Matheson , the Hong Kong conglomerate , he shifted his attention to football .
When his ACB Hanoi team was relegated at the same time , he bought another top flight club and merged the two to maintain his influence in the game .
EVBCorpus
Although 68.8 % of American adults want to give up smoking , very few manage to do so successfully , according to a new report published by Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report ( MMWR ) , a part of the CDC ( Centers for Disease Control and prevention ) .
Although 68.8 % of American adults want to give up smoking , very few manage to do so successfully , according to a new report published by Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report ( MMWR ) , a part of the CDC ( Centers for Disease Control and prevention ) .
In view of the obvious difficulty in successfully quitting , the authors believe health care professionals should offer smokers brief cessation advice whenever they come in for a visit .
53.8 % of smokers aged 65 + years wanted to quit
75.6 % of non-Hispanic black smokers wanted to stop - the highest percentage
73.4 % of those with a college qualification wanted to give up
11.4 % of college graduates had given up recently and were still not smoking , compared to 3.2 % of those with just high school education
Of all the smokers interviewed , only 48.3 % who had seen a health care professional during the previous 12 months said they had been given advice on how to give up .
Among smokers who received counseling or took medications to stop :
- 8.9 % , Nicotine gum/lozenge
- 3.1 % , Telephone quitline
The researchers used data from the 2001-2010 National Health Interview Surveys ( NHIS ) for this report .
China , South Korea and Japan set to begin free trade talks
A free-trade agreement in East Asia could rival the likes of the EU and Nafta
China is the biggest trading partner of both Japan and South Korea .
The agreement on free trade talks was reached on Sunday
Trade between the three countries reached $ 690bn in 2011 , up from only $ 130bn in 1999 , according to a Chinese government report .
" What is most urgent for us now is to make all-out efforts to prevent the escalation of tensions on the Korean Peninsula , " Mr Wen Jiabao said at a joint news conference .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The administration is taking care to highlight the importance of strong Asia-Pacific relations to the president 's efforts to create jobs domestically .
The 21 members of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum account for 55 % of the world 's gross domestic product , 43 % of world trade and 58 % of U.S. exports , according to the group .
The Obama administration is pushing for the expanded trade agreement to help boost reduce barriers to U.S. exports , boost trade and create jobs .
No final decisions are expected on the agreement this weekend .
During the APEC conference in Honolulu , Obama is also scheduled to have a discussion with business leaders , as well as side meetings with Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda , Russian President Dimitry Medvedev , and Chinese President Hu Jintao .
EVBCorpus
Evaluating stocks involves two types of analysis : fundamental and technical .
One place they might easily overlook ( but shouldn't ) is within the realm of qualitative analysis , a subjective area that is sometimes referred to as soft metrics .
The Usual Suspects
Gathering all of this data can provide a better idea of how a company intends to grow its business while rewarding shareholders .
Touchy-feely subjects like satisfying the customer , rewarding employees and maintaining excellent supplier relationships matters as well .
Satisfaction is the key here and successful businesses have it in abundance .
Just because employees are happy does n't guarantee customer loyalty .
This winning attitude may have contributed to Amazon.com 's acquisition of the business for $ 1.2 billion in 2009 .
Employee morale dropped , and , with it , customer satisfaction .
Employees are the face of any brand .
It 's a slippery slope that , privately owned software firm , SAS knows well .
Public companies are no different .
One of Whole Foods " seven core values is its commitment to its suppliers .
Whole Foods tends to score high on this front as well , and by doing so is able to maintain price points that are higher than in most regular grocery stores , delivering greater profits .
For instance , the American Customer Satisfaction Index has shown that the stock prices of companies ranking higher in the index tend to do better than those lower down .
Most analysts would agree that market capitalization is greatly influenced by brand power .
If the findings are altered slightly to consider operating profits , the results are even more pronounced .
Let 's face it : we live in a quantitative world .
However , any business whose stock price has risen consistently over time has surely satisfied all its stakeholders .
Muscular dystrophy
Muscular dystrophy is a disease in which the muscles of the body get weaker and weaker and slowly stop working .
When you hear the word " protein " you might think of food because foods , such as meat and peanut butter , contain protein .
Without these proteins , the muscles break down and weaken over time .
In some types , muscle problems start when the person is very young .
Most kids with muscular dystrophy have Duchenne muscular dystrophy .
But when they 're between 2 and 6 years old , the muscles in their arms , legs , and pelvis ( hips ) begin to get weaker .
How Does a Kid Get Muscular dystrophy ?
They determine your eye color , hair color , height , and also whether you will have certain medical problems .
If you do n't have muscular dystrophy , your muscle weakness from exercise will go away after a short time .
Muscular dystrophy can also affect the brain , which can cause learning problems , but most kids with muscular dystrophy can go to school in a regular classroom with other kids .
The doctor will examine the weak muscles and test the kid 's blood .
Other tests measure the work that nerves are doing in the muscles and can help doctors figure out if something else is causing the muscle weakness .
Also , special braces help keep the tendons flexible .
If the tendons get tight , the muscles can't work as well , so the braces keep the tendons from tightening up too much .
For some kids , medications called steroids may slow down the weakening of the muscles .
Many scientists are working on ways to help people with muscular dystrophy .
Living With Muscular Dystrophy
But kids with muscular dystrophy like to do the same things as other kids .
EVBCorpus
Apple might be moving away from its dependence on Google for its Maps app .
" The relationship between Apple and Google has been moving steadily from one of partners to competitors , and Apple has increasingly sought to displace Google technology whenever possible . "
In 2009 , Apple quietly purchased the mapping firm Placebase , which offered a similar product to Google Maps .
Most recently , Apple purchased C3 Technologies .
So what would the new Maps app be like ?
The current icon is a Google Maps-looking thumbnail snapshot of One Infinite Loop .
9to5Mac reports a new 3-D mapping mode would be exclusively powered by C3 Technologies , and would provide " beautiful , realistic " 3-D graphics .
Will Apple fill this void as well in iOS 6 ? We 'll have to wait and see .
Baby skin care : Tips for your newborn
Your newborn is home now , and you 're settling into a daily routine .
Baby skin care is just as important .
Baby skin care is just as important .
However , there 's much you can do to protect your baby from these skin problems .
Your touch on your newborn 's skin has a soothing , nurturing effect -- and is critical to your baby 's development .
There 's no need to rush it , rub it , or treat it with lotions or creams .
Don't use baby products in the early months .
Wash baby 's clothing before it 's worn .
Resist the urge to bathe your baby frequently .
Babies aren't working 9 to 5 and hitting the gym afterward !
These infants tend to have dryer skin and have a higher risk of skin problems such as eczema .
A few tips on preventing dry , irritated skin and eczema :
If necessary , use only a small amount of lotion on dry skin areas .
An allergy to dyes in the diapers can cause this reaction .
Baby skin care : Diaper rash
Diaper rash is often caused by the irritating wetness of a soiled diaper .
Babies taking antibiotics are especially susceptible to a yeast infection diaper rash because the drugs allow fungal growth .
To treat diaper rash -- and prevent further newborn skin problems :
* Wash the diaper area with mild fragrance-free cleanser or plain water .
* Pat baby dry .
* Avoid using baby powder .
If the rash is caused by eczema , a bacterial or yeast infection , or other condition , you may need a prescription treatment .
Like cuddling , a massage is a way to convey your love and affection for your baby .
Find a carpeted floor in a warm room .
Then gently massage baby 's chest and tummy -- using a gentle yet firm touch .
Or the massage may be too forceful , so use a gentler touch .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
China 's export growth slowed further in October as the eurozone debt crisis and fears of a slowdown in the US dented demand for its goods , figures show .
" Export growth continued to drop last month against the backdrop of a sputtering economy in European countries , which is the largest export destination of our country , " said Wang Hu of Guotai Securities in Shanghai .
However , economic troubles in the US and eurozone , two of the biggest markets for Chinese goods , have led to a decline consumer demand , raising concerns about the prospects for China 's economy .
However , some analysts said the jump in import numbers was not a true indicator of domestic demand .
Conrad Murray guilty of Michael Jackson manslaughter
Michael Jackson 's personal physician , Dr Conrad Murray , has been found guilty of the involuntary manslaughter of the star by a jury in Los Angeles .
There was a shriek in the courtroom as the verdict was read .
Jackson 's family sat in the courtroom , weeping quietly .
Dr Murray was remanded in custody without bail until he receives his sentence , set for 29 November .
'Drug addict "
During the six-week trial , 49 witnesses and more than 300 pieces of evidence were presented to the court .
In his closing argument last Thursday , the prosecution said Dr Murray had caused the star 's death through negligence , depriving Jackson 's children of their father and the world of a " genius " .
Each side of the trial called their own expert witness on the anaesthetic drug .
EVBCorpus
Francois Hollande , the former leader of France 's Socialist Party , has been elected president of France , defeating incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy .
Moisi points out .
Mr. Hollande 's economic policies include raising taxes on the very rich , freezing fuel prices , increasing welfare payments and hiring 60,000 new teachers .
I am not going to be a crypto secret communist .
" He 's called for renegotiating the fiscal pact , " says Kupchan , referring to the economic agreement forged by the European Union to stabilize the euro currency .
" Hollande says , " I want French troops out in 2012 . " Sarkozy has said 2013 .
" And that would suggest that there might be a return to a French foreign policy that is somewhat less Atlanticist than it has been under Sarkozy , " Kupchan says .
" But the margin of maneuvering is so slim , " Moisi adds .
And that also means no great change in relations between Washington and Paris .
Turkey earthquake : Rescue teams search for survivors
Emergency workers said 23 people have been rescued alive but that many more remain unaccounted-for .
Twenty-five buildings have collapsed , including a six-storey hotel in the city of Van , where journalists and aid workers were staying , officials said .
Television pictures from Van showed residents and rescuers trying to lift debris to free people trapped under ruined buildings .
Some of the journalists trapped in the collapsed Bayram Hotel had sent text messages to colleagues asking to be rescued , Associated Press quoted a Turkish cameraman as saying .
Turkey is particularly vulnerable to earthquakes because it sits on major geological fault lines .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
A new US study reports this week that loneliness is linked to sleep disruption : people who scored themselves high on loneliness were also the ones whose monitored sleep patterns were most fragmented .
She and her co-authors were interested in further exploring reports that loneliness is linked to poor health .
" We wanted to explore one potential pathway ... the theory that sleep - a key behavior to staying healthy - could be compromised by feelings of loneliness , " explained Kurina , adding that :
For their cross-sectional study , Kurina and colleagues recruited 95 adults of of a traditional , close-knit farming community in rural south Dakota .
To measure objective sleep properties , the researchers gave the participants wrist actigraphs which they wore for a week .
The findings are similar to a study published in 2002 by the American Psychological Society that compared students " perceptions of loneliness with their measured sleep quality .
" Whether you 're a young student at a major university or an older adult living in a rural community , we may all be dependent on feeling secure in our social environment in order to sleep soundly , " said Kurina , adding that the findings of studies like these help us further understand how social and psychological factors impact our health .
Written by Catharine Paddock PhD
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Google 's Chrome beta version 16 has one major new feature : the ability to let multiple users create an instantiation of the browser on a single Windows PC or Mac computer .
This will save users of a shared computer from having to download and install software and type in passwords repeatedly .
" You may not want your bookmarks and settings mixing with your brother 's or your roommate 's bookmarks and settings , and you would n't want their Chrome stuff syncing to your other devices , " explained Google Chrome engineer Miranda Callahan .
A badge in the upper corner lets you know at a glance that this new Chrome browser belongs to you , and users can click on the badge to see a menu of all the users on that computer , and switch between instantiations .
EVBCorpus
He covers his head with his pillow so he does n't have to listen to the sound of his parents arguing .
Anthony knows that his mother has been drinking again .
Alcoholism has been around for centuries , yet no one has discovered an easy way to prevent it .
Alcoholism is a disease .
Some people are susceptible to wanting to drink too much .
Maybe there 's an illness in the family , or parents are having marriage problems .
How does alcoholism affect families ?
If you live with a parent who drinks , you may feel embarrassed , angry , sad , hurt , or any emotions .
Problem drinking can change how families function .
Older kids may have to take care of younger siblings .
Parents with alcohol problems might also use other drugs .
Someone who has a bad habit or an addiction to alcohol needs to get help from a treatment center .
Drinking too much can be a problem that nobody likes to talk about .
So problem drinkers may try to blame someone else because it is easier than taking responsibility for their own drinking .
They may say stuff like , " I can stop anytime I want to , " " Everyone drinks to unwind sometimes , " or " My drinking is not a problem . "
And that problem won't go away unless the drinker gets help .
If you 're like most teens , your life is probably filled with emotional ups and downs , regardless of what 's happening at home .
For example :
One day you might walk on eggshells to avoid an outburst because the dishes are n't done or the lawn is n't mowed .
You just never know how your parent will act .
Worrying about a parent adds to all the other emotions you may be feeling .
Although each family is different , people who grow up with alcoholic parents often feel alone , unloved , depressed , or burdened by the secret life they lead at home .
Admitting that your parent has a problem - even if he or she won't - is the first step in taking control .
Being aware of how your parent 's drinking affects you can help put things in perspective .
When you feel things like anger or resentment , try to identify those feelings .
When we grow up around people who turn to alcohol or other unhealthy ways of dealing with problems , they become our example .
School counselors can be a great resource here .
Find support .
Others prefer to talk to a family member or parents of a close friend .
Do you find yourself avoiding your house as much as possible ?
If you feel that the situation at home is becoming dangerous , you can call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at ( 800 ) 799-SAFE.
Scientists think this is because of genetics and the environment that kids grow up in .
You can show your love and support , but you won't be able to stop someone from drinking .
EVBCorpus
Toyota has extended production cuts at its factories in Thailand and Japan due to shortage of parts in the wake of floods in Thailand .
The move is a latest setback for Toyota , which is still trying to recover from the earthquake and tsunami in Japan earlier this year .
Production loss
To make matters worse , the company warned that if the situation in Thailand does not improve , it may have to cut production in other countries including , the US , Canada , South Africa and Philippines starting next week .
EVBCorpus
What is the G20 ?
Which countries are members of the G20 ?
How does the G20 differ from the G8 ?
Who chairs the G20 summit ?
There are no formal votes or resolutions on the basis of fixed voting shares or economic criteria .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
To achieve this , vocation training for rural workers needs to be prioritized .
Although farmers account for 73 % of the country 's total population and 50 % of the labor force , many rural areas remain extremely poor , due to outdated methods of cultivating rice .
To realize our target of becoming an industrial nation by 2020 , we need to provide vocational training for almost 11 million people in rural areas .
Professor Nguyen Lan Dung , an experienced agricultural specialist , said that the 70 million small and scattered rice fields are the project 's biggest hurdle .
So its way of doing farming has to change .
First we should lift the regulations on land limits so that farmers can expand their cultivated land .
17 . Windows To The Mind
The pupil is best known for changing size in reaction to light .
This keeps the retina at the back of the eye from being overwhelmed by bright light .
" One idea is that , by essentially enlarging the field of the visual input , it 's beneficial to visual exploration , " he says .
But Laeng measured patients ' pupils while they did this test and found that the patients did actually respond differently to the pictures they had seen before .
Tiny infants ca n't tell you what they 're paying attention to .
A researcher might show a child two images side by side and see which one they look at for longer .
18 . E-Books Are Superior Tools To Physical Books
A while back I left my Kindle on an airplane , and the airline could n't retrieve it ; but when I bought a replacement I downloaded all the books I had read and there my annotations were , unchanged .
I 'm primarily a pleasure reader , but even for that purpose , I think that e-books have a greater advantage .
Additionally , the readability across platforms is also nice .
Do n't get me wrong , like Alan Jacobs and others , I do love the feel of the printed page .
They 're not for reading .
And speaking of e-books , reading , and Alan Jacobs , in addition to Embassytown , I recently downloaded and have started reading Jacobs ' new book , The Pleasures of Reading in an Age of Distraction .
The funeral of Bee Gees singer Robin Gibb is to be held later in his home town in Oxfordshire .
The track Do n't Cry Alone , which is one of Gibb 's final compositions from his Titanic Requiem - premiered only weeks before his death - will also be played .
His family said his wish was to say a " final goodbye " to fans and the town .
He was humble , down to earth , a very genuine man who was n't affected by fame or wealth .
Syria unrest : activists say 20 killed in Homs
Tanks mounted with machine-guns have opened fire in the Syrian city of Homs , killing at least 20 people , activists have reported .
It comes a day after the authorities in Damascus agreed to an Arab League plan calling on the government to pull the military out of cities .
At present foreign journalists are unable to move around Syria freely and information is tightly controlled and hard to verify .
" But its acceptance does not mean it will respect its clauses . "
" We offered to engage in negotiations to move from an authoritarian regime to a democratic regime .
Protests against the rule of President Bashar al-Assad started in March but have become increasingly violent .
The government of Mr Assad - who took over from his father as president in 2000 - says the violence is being carried out by " armed gangs " and " terrorists " .
NATO and its partners , they say , must maintain military operations to protect civilians and maintain pressure on Colonel Gaddafi 's government .
EVBCorpus
The International Monetary Fund has become the latest forecasting body to slash its growth outlook for the UK this year in the wake of the austerity cuts .
During the Great Depression of the 1930s , countries attempted to shore up their failing economies by sharply raising barriers to foreign trade , devaluing their currencies to compete against each other for export markets , and curtailing their citizens " freedom to hold foreign exchange .
This breakdown in international monetary cooperation led the IMF 's founders to plan an institution charged with overseeing the international monetary system - the system of exchange rates and international payments that enables countries and their citizens to buy goods and services from each other .
They believed that such a framework was necessary to avoid a repetition of the disastrous economic policies that had contributed to the Great Depression .
The IMF 's membership began to expand in the late 1950s and during the 1960s as many African countries became independent and applied for membership .
The oil shocks of the 1970s , which forced many oil-importing countries to borrow from commercial banks , and the interest rate increases in industrial countries trying to control inflation led to an international debt crisis .
In three years , membership increased from 152 countries to 172 , the most rapid increase since the influx of African members in the 1960s .
During the 1990s , the IMF worked closely with the World Bank to alleviate the debt burdens of poor countries .
With broad support from creditor countries , the Fund 's lending capacity was tripled to around $ 750bn .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Five patients gave testimonials about his medical skills and described him as a kind and generous physician .
" If this man was greedy he never would have come to the community , " she said , testifying that most residents were senior citizens on fixed incomes .
The four other witnesses - who were all heart patients - said Murray was a caring and thorough doctor .
That man sitting there is the best doctor I 've ever seen . "
The doctor 's defence claim the singer gave himself the deadly dose .
EVBCorpus
The newer contraceptive birth control pills appear to double the risk of blood clots says new research .
Medical records of close to 1.3 million women were included in the study , with 30 % of them never having used hormonal contra ception , while nearly 70 % had used some form of hormonal birth control .
Around 2% had blood clots that caused strokes .
The study which is probably going to trouble doctors , patients and drug companies alike , was published in BMJ , just as the FDA is reviewing the safety of newer birth control pills .
Researcher Ojvind Lidegaard , MD , professor of obstetrics and gynecology , Rigshospitalet at the University of Copenhagen , in Denmark said :
But experts say changing back to an older version of the pill may not be the smartest choice for all women .
" This means that clinicians and women often chose to use combined oral contraceptives which do not contain levonorgestrel , and this seems a pragmatic and sensible thing to do given that the background risk of DVT is very low . "
6 . David Beckham tops UK and Irish sport rich list
David Beckham has topped a list of the richest people in sport in the UK and Ireland .
There were 48 footballers in the top 100 in the UK and Ireland .
Globally , in 2012 , Mr Woods was followed by German Formula One driver Michael Schumacher and basketball legend Michael Jordan.
Thailandhas become the envy of soccer fans around the world after four-time European champions Barcelona followed bitter rivals Real Madrid in declaring they were eyeing a return to the country next year .
ThaiBev brings both Spanish heavyweights under the same sponsorship umbrella for the first time .
" All nine of our players who went to the World Cup in South Africa will play in these Euros , while many of our youth team will compete in the London Olympics .
Sorrakit Latitham , ThaiBev marketing manager , said the company , who signed a three-year contract as regional partner with the Spanish club , would be more than happy to help arrange the trip for a Barcelona team he described as " out of this world " .
" We 're very happy to be part of your set-up and we hope that you will accept us as a member of your family too .
We 're here not to make money , but we want to contribute to our sport , football .
We do n't want to stay just in our town .
So , we 'll focus on the region for the next 10-20 years .
At a global level , we hope to contribute value back to society as well . "
" From the way , we played in this tournament , it is definite that we are not ready for the FIFA Futsal World Cup , " said Hermans
And while the Thais managed to trample past Malaysia 12-1 in the semi-final , it would be Vietnam who provided them with the hardest fight of the competition this year .
" Also defensively , we are not as strong as we should be and we need to find the right solution to this problem .
9 . ManchesterUnited still the world 's richest football club - Forbes
The study estimates the Premier League champions are worth £1.4bn , which puts them top of the list for the eighth year in a row .
ManchesterUnited - $ 2.235bn ( £1.396bn )
Arsenal - $ 1.292bn ( £807 m )
Liverpool - $ 619m ( £385 m )
Manchester City - $ 443m ( £275 m )
Forbes also revealed Manchester United are worth more than both Major League Baseball 's New York Yankees and the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League , while the club 's run to last year 's Champions League final , where they lost to Barcelona , commanded a £50m payout from Uefa .
1 . Popular Culture Inspires Top US Baby Names
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Those were among the 10 most popular girls and boys names , respectively , and it was more than a coincidence that they are also leading characters in the wildly popular " Twilight " series of young adult novels and films about vampires .
The other day , a VOA staffer met a little boy , age two , named " Aiden . "
For what it 's worth , Aiden was a leading character on the highly-rated TV show " Sex and the City . "
That 's the good-looking shape-shifter who phases into a wolf in the same series .
" Old-fashioned names , especially for girls , are big . "
U.S. President Barack Obama will make a special introduction to an upcoming broadcast of the classic U.S. motion picture To Kill a Mockingbird .
The story , set in a small town in the southern U.S. state of Alabama during the Great Depression .
The novel earned Lee a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1961 , while the film earned three Academy Awards , including the Best Actor award for Gregory Peck , who played Atticus Finch .
In a country where many citizens do not have the time or space to care for creatures , " cat cafés " provide the experience of having a pet without the responsibility or hassle of ownership .
Visiting with kitties does not come cheap , however .
Cat Café Nekorobi , also in Tokyo , charges by the hour as well ( up to 1,200 yen on weekends or holidays ) , but throws in free vending machine drinks and snacks , as well as cat-free forms of entertainment like a Wii and board games .
Guests are not allowed to wake any sleeping cats , hold any clearly unhappy cat or take photos of the cats with a flash camera ( many who visit spend their time taking pictures or drawing the cats ) .
Mobile game Draw Something has been downloaded 50 million times in just 50 days , the game 's owner has said .
Apple told the BBC that it did not disclose download figures for specific titles , and therefore could not verify Zynga 's claim .
Coin success
Security experts have warned that scammers are trying to capitalise on the game 's popularity by offering fake prizes via social networks like Twitter .
5 . JK Rowling to pen first novel for adults
The writer published seven Potter books , which have sold more than 450 million copies around the world .
All the Potter books were published by Bloomsbury , but Rowling has chosen a new publisher for her debut into adult fiction .
" I am delighted to have a second publishing home in Little , Brown , and a publishing team that will be a great partner in this new phase of my writing life . "
6 . Adele 's 21 hangs on to top album spot for 13 weeks
A fortnight ago she spent one week at number two after US rockers Foo Fighters briefly took the top spot .
Singer , actress and American Idol judge Jennifer Lopez held on to her spot at number three with her track with Pitbull called On The Floor , while Chris Brown featuring Benny Benassi was up one place to four with Beautiful People .
Pop singer Jessie J fell one place to five with Who You Are .
Backstage , Emma Stone , winner of the favorite-movie-actress award , had tongue firmly in cheek when asked how she felt : " It sucked , " she joked to reporters .
But she recovered enough later to tell reporters her style icon .
Faith Hill and Demi Lovato provided the musical performances .
That said , Nathan Fillion , who took home the award for favorite TV drama actor for CBS ' Castle , summed up the stakes during his turn on the red carpet : Winning .
" Love those Twitter fans .
During acceptance speeches and backstage , winners reinforced the fan love .
" I should put it above the cribs , " he joked .
Vanessa Hudgens , wearing Jenny Packham , talked about her favorite movies .
Across the street , his new movie , The Grey , was having its premiere .
Of his character : "He 's a father of one of her students .
As for his upcoming movie Magic Mike , which is about male strippers , " I do n't think audiences really know what they 're in for .
It 's really a coming-of-age story as well as a salacious story , obviously , given its content . "
How will she be different from Andy Cohen , whose show airs five nights a week ?
Her secret weapon ?
" Stand-up — of course !
It 's all about us interacting . "
Dennings : " We just sat there . "
They ( the press ) tend to blow things up .
What could she say ?
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The five-year-old walked home and let herself into her Ohio home but three hours later , 31-year-old Christina Hunter still had n't arrived .
The car rolled down the driveway into her neighbour 's yard , where Ameleah decided she needed some help and called emergency services .
Is she in the car , " the dispatcher asked .
" I just found a little girl standing in the doorway by herself on the phone , " he told the Mansfield News Journal .
She said she came home from school and no one was there .
It turns out Ameleah 's mother had been taking to hospital earlier in the day in an ambulance .
EVBCorpus
But then the day of the test comes .
It 's pretty normal to feel a little nervous and stressed before a test .
The nervousness they feel before a test can be so strong that it interferes with their concentration or performance .
For example , a person might experience performance anxiety when they are about to try out for the school play , sing a solo on stage , get into position at the pitcher 's mound , step onto the platform in a diving meet , or go into an important interview .
Test anxiety is not the same as doing poorly on a certain test because your mind is on something else .
Like other anxiety reactions , test anxiety affects the body and the mind .
Focusing on the bad things that could happen also fuels test anxiety .
People with test anxiety can also feel stressed out by their physical reaction and think things like " What if I throw up ? " or " Oh no , my hands are shaking . "
Who 's Likely to Have Test Anxiety ?
People with these traits sometimes find it hard to accept mistakes they might make or to get anything less than a perfect score .
If you know you 're not prepared , it 's a no-brainer to realize that you 'll be worried about doing poorly .
Test anxiety can be a real problem if you 're so stressed out over a test that you can't get past the nervousness to focus on the test questions and do your best work .
Stress is your body 's warning mechanism — it 's a signal that helps you prepare for something important that 's about to happen .
Chances are , you 'll keep your stress from spinning out of control .
Although a little test anxiety can be a good thing , an overdose of it is another story entirely .
Some students think that going to class is all it should take to learn and do well on tests .
It makes sense — the more you know the material , the more confident you 'll feel .
If expecting to do well on a test can help you relax , what about when people expect they won't do well ?
Not unrealistic positive messages , of course , but ones that are practical and true , such as " I 've studied hard and I know the material , so I 'm ready to do the best I can . "
Another thing you can do is to learn to keep mistakes in perspective - especially if you 're a perfectionist or you tend to be hard on yourself .
It can help to learn ways to calm yourself down and get centered when you 're tense or anxious .
Everything takes time and practice , and learning to beat test anxiety is no different .
The motorbike purchase was confirmed to E! News by the manufacturer .
Some critics may give Brad a hard time for buying a potentially dangerous toy for an 11 year old .
Health officials around the world hailed the decision by Australia 's high court , which stubbed out claims by tobacco companies that the packaging of cigarettes without branding was unconstitutional .
This win for Australia prepares the path for the ASEAN ( Association of Southeast Asian Nations ) . "
Canada was the first nation to pass legislation requiring a graphic health warning in 2001 - 41 nations have since followed suit .
Until the Australian decision , the nation that required the most prominent warning was Uruguay , where 80 % of packages contain graphic health advisories .
4 . commercial Banking - What Banks Do
At the most basic level , what banks do is fairly simple .
An illustration of this very basic concept can be found in the old " 3-6-3 Rule , " a tongue-in-cheek " rule " that said a banker would pay out 3 % for deposits , charge 6 % for loans and hit the golf course by 3 p.m.
Banks also provide security and convenience to their customers .
By keeping physical cash at home , or in a wallet , there are risks of loss due to theft and accidents , not to mention the loss of possible income from interest .
Act as Payment Agents
As payment agents , banks make commercial transactions much more convenient ; it is not necessary to carry around large amounts of physical currency when merchants will accept the checks , debit cards or credit cards that banks provide .
Instantly , however , the students also learnt that many of these natural and cultural treasures were also suffering from environmental degradation .
Ha , a student at Dong Hoi High School in the outlying district of Dong Anh , said .
" The earth is warming and it is our responsbility to protect the living environment , "
" Much of the damage to the environment could be avoided , especially in countries like Viet Nam , since the heritage sites have been a resource for development and a motto for tourism development for many years ," said Muller-Marin .
" We need to change the way we deal with heritage sites " .
Young people were great agents of peace and national development and were the country 's future leaders , she said .
11 . A Comic Book About Business Finance
You probably have heard of comic book heroes like Superman , Batman and Spiderman .
Tom , Joe and Karen all appear in a comic book called " Financial Intelligence . "
book explains , in simple ways , often-complex methods of keeping financial information .
new book is a combination of textbook and graphic novel .
Artist Dave Wachter made illustrations for the comic book .
He started company almost three years ago with his own money .
FRANCO ARDA : " Within an hour , you kind of get idea of accounting , very quickly and not in boring way .
website Entrepreneur.com named SmarterComics to list of 100 Brilliant Companies of 2012 .
company has created comic book versions of more than ten other books .
12 . JEFF RAGSDALE : MAN WHO GAVE WORLD NUMBER
He posted copies all across city , and waited .
13 . What $ 1 buys around world
Just recently we 've had articles about countries that can still be travelled on cheap and how to cope in Copenhagen if you 're down to last krone .
A lot .
In fact , it 's little like the world is your $ 1 shop ; by handing over buck , you can get everything from a haircut to 45 kikiam ( fried fish ) .
As for Philippines , one of best things you can get with $ 1 is a big bag of sweets to keep in backpack , hand out to kids . James
Tenerife , Canary Islands it will get you a good cup of coffee in capital , Santa Cruz , but in tourist areas of South you will be lucky if it gets you half a cup .
Cebu , Philippines : $ 1 can get 30-45 minutes of glorious foot massage .
The UK : 60 pence buys you about 3/4 litre of milk , half a litre of petrol/diesel for your car , 2 cigarettes ( that 's two single ones , not a packet ) , 3 apples , 2 days supply of the Sun tabloid newspaper , a small portion of fries from Maccy D or a can of coke from my office vending machine .
Budapest : 1 scoop of ice cream small apples 1_plain hamburger at McDonald ' postcard daily newspaper 30_minutes parking in downtown area .
Faroe Islands , a pack of chewing gum , 2 apples at supermarket , some candy probably , hardly anything .
Chiang Mai : question is , what can't you get in Chiang Mai for US$ 1 ?
Or an arepa with some spicy home made aji salsa !
Egypt : you could buy a koshary plate Egyptian dish basically includes spaghetti , rice , lentil and fried onions on top .
Costa Rica : you can buy one papaya , one watermelon , one pineapple and perhaps a cup of coffee of decent quality .
Paris : about 40 % of an espresso at Starbucks .
Australia : a scratchy ( lottery ticket ) with chance of getting enough cash together for next trip .
14 . Tech is getting more gay-friendly
" I don't like being forced into typical gender roles because we aren't , " he said by phone .
His marriage would have tagged with a cake-topper-looking picture of a male-and-female couple , and there was no way to change it .
" I honestly did n't realize it was going to show up in my feed , " he said with laugh .
She added : " There 's more marriage equality on Facebook than there is generally in the United States .
This summer it painted courtyard at its California headquarters in colors of rainbow flag , in support of gay-pride month .
Google employees march in gay pride parades .
Facebook , however , has become specific target for LGBT activist groups in part because network does so much these days to shape person digital identity .
Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes update to his page over weekend indicating that he had married his boyfriend Sean Eldridge .
More than 2,700 people " liked " the update , but one person commented that marriage was " NOT normal "
Facebook apologized and take-down was chalked up to Facebook 's arduous process for vetting content that is flagged as inappropriate .
In his 2010 profile of Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , Jose Antonio Vargas writes about difficult choice he faced about Facebook and sex uality .
I told Zuckerberg that it took me a few hours to decide which box to check .
That may seem like no big deal , but consider that in 29 states , a person legally can be fired for being gay , according to the Human Rights Campaign .
" A penny saved is a penny earned . "
People who hate to spend money are known as " tightwads , " while those who like to get most value for their money are called " thrifty . "
People like are often said to spend money " like a drunken sailor " or " like there 's no tomorrow . "
For example , members might work for a university or government agency .
Certificates of deposit pay higher returns .
People can withdraw their money early but have to pay a penalty .
This is a kind of mutual fund .
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation guarantees savings up to two hundred fifty thousand dollars .
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development is a group of thirty-four countries .
Turkey earthquake : Teenage boy found after four days
Turkey earthquake : Teenage boy found after four days
Just hours earlier a man was freed from a flattened apartment block and taken to hospital .
The rescued boy , named Ferhat Tokay , was found alive late on Thursday and pulled out by search teams early in the morning .
Waiting
" We have been waiting in line for four days and still nothing , " he told Reuters news agency .
South-eastern Turkey was hit by another strong aftershock on Thursday of magnitude 5.2 , but there are no reports of any further casualties .
" Three more planes loaded with aid supplies will come to Turkey within two days , " an official from the Israeli embassy in Ankara told the Anatolia news agency .
Japanese factory output and household spending fall
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Japan 's industrial output and household spending fell in September , raising fresh concerns about the health of its economic recovery .
Japan was hit by an earthquake and tsunami earlier this year .
However , analysts warned that those projections may be revised down , not least due to uncertainty about global economic growth .
Other manufacturers , including electronics maker Sony , have also seen production facilities being shut due to flooding .
EVBCorpus
More than half of the people with Parkinson 's disease who took part in a small pilot study led by the University of California - San Francisco ( UCSF ) showed small improvements in walking speed , balance and stride length after three months of playing computer-based physical therapy games .
It affects about 1 million people in the United States .
In earlier work , the team at UCSF had already established which specific body movements and gestures are beneficial for slowing the physical progression of Parkinson 's .
Each game has several levels of difficulty , and the clinical team was also able to tailor them to suit each patient 's particular ability range .
The subjects improved their games scores while improving their gait and balance , " he added .
For this pilot trial , the researchers recruited 20 people living in northern California who had moderate levels of Parkinson 's disease .
These are more accurate and more sensitive than those you normally get in consumer gaming platforms .
" Because this was a highly structured research study , we actually had to ask them to play less than they wanted , " he explained .
She told the press :
" Now that we have this preliminary positive result , we want to conduct a longer term clinical trial with more subjects to confirm these initial findings . ''
Written by Catharine Paddock PhD
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The death toll has risen to 279 , with another 1,300 injured , Turkey 's semi-official Anatolian news agency reported , citing the country 's disaster management authority .
The military was assisting with search-and-rescue efforts , Atalay said .
A health services building also collapsed , along with part of a hospital , CNN sister network CNN Turk reported .
Rescuers and survivors contended with near-freezing temperatures early Monday .
Electricity and natural gas were off in most of the city , but Atalay said officials hope to restore power in Van and Ercis by Monday night .
One man , stuck in the fetal position under a large piece of debris , was visible only through a small hole in the rubble .
The Red Crescent called for rescue workers , machinery and drinking water .
Tents and rescue teams have come from as far away as Iran and Azerbaijan .
Erdogan and Akdag arrived in the area Sunday , according to the Ministry of Health 's crisis center .
Turkey is " no stranger to having these seismic events , " but Sunday 's quake is considered major , CNN Meteorologist Reynolds Wolf said .
Bringing water into exams may improve grades
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The findings are the work of researchers from the University of East London and the University of Westminster and were presented at the British Psychological Society Annual Conference in London on Wednesday .
While the study did not investigate the reasons behind the results , Pawson speculated there might be several possible physiological and psychological explanations , one being that there might be a direct physiological effect of hydration on thinking ability , and the other , that consuming water might help students calm down and reduce the anxiety that is known to damage exam performance .
They also noted the types of drinks they took .
In their analysis , the researchers took into account coursework marks to rule out as far as they could , the possibility that the students most likely to take water in with them were the more able ones .
But whatever the result , he suggests it is probably a good thing for students to try and keep themselves hydrated while sitting exams .
Copyright : Medical News Today
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
According to comedian P.J. O'Rourke , " microeconomics concerns things that economists are specifically wrong about , while macroeconomics concerns things economists are wrong about generally .
Those who have studied Latin know that the prefix " micro- " means " small , " so it should n't be surprising that microeconomics is the study of small economic units .
· Individual market equilibrium
Macroeconomics
Some topics that macroeconomists study are :
· The causes of economic upswings and downturns
· How interest rates are determined
Most of the economic topics covered on television and in newspapers are of the macroeconomic variety , but it 's important to remember that economics is about more than just trying to figure out when the economy is going to improve and what the Fed is doing with interest rates .
Sweden , a nuclear reactor turbine room on fire , 23 nuclear reactors shut down .
" Oskarshamn " boiling water reactor nuclear power plant consists of three components .
According to data published on the website operating side , nuclear power generating capacity of 1450 MW , accounting for Sweden 10% of the total generating capacity .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Providing the Arab world with an alternative to alcohol , it gave rise to a coffeehouse culture that revolved around stimulating intellectual conversation and the exchange of new ideas .
The beans
In an effort to combat this , a movement to institutionalize the fair trade of coffee began in 1988 in the Netherlands .
According to the experts , some Kenyan coffees are dry with berry notes and acidic brightness , while coffees from South America 's Andes Mountains may be smooth and sweet , full of sugar cane flavours .
Coffee is made by roasting the seeds of a coffee plant , grinding them and brewing the resulting grounds using a number of methods .
Although they did not yet have the press when the French colonized Vietnam in the 1800s , they brought coffee with them , which is why the beverage is now grown and consumed widely in the Southeast Asian country .
Then boiling water is poured over the grounds , so that as the coffee drips , it immediately begins to cool .
Coffee has been central to Turkish culture since the first coffeehouses in the 1500s .
One tradition that has been passed down through the generations is coffee for tune-telling .
Although Italians drink caffe ( espresso ) all day long , two of the country 's national beverages , cappuccino and caffe latte , are traditionally only consumed in the morning .
Similarly , many Brazilians drink espresso all day long .
Vietnam
Thailand
Vienna
It dates back to the 1600s after the siege of Vienna by the Ottoman Turks .
Today , Viennese coffeehouses , or kaffeehauser , often stay open from 6 am until midnight , welcoming customers to sit and relax for hours over a wiener mélange : coffee with steamed milk , topped with milk foam .
But coffee culture became a commercial stronghold when chains such as Peet 'sCoffeeandTea and Starbuckswere founded , in 1966 and 1971 respectively .
The drink is said evolved during World War II , when American soldiers stationed in Italy discovered that " coffee " was just a shot of espresso .
Kahawa chungu , or " bitter coffee " , is a traditional drink made in brass kettles over a charcoal stove and is men , according to Reuters .
If you have a burning travel question , contact Travelwise .
She said many people in Dubai Mall were looking at the woman , but no one did anything , so she approached security guards and threatened to call the police.
My nieces when they go to the mall they think it 's fine to look at people dressed like this .
While wearing skimpy clothing is not illegal in the United Arab Emirates , shopping malls have policies that state knees and shoulders should be covered .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Lead author Matthew Feinberg , a UC Berkeley doctoral student in psychology , told the media that " moderate levels of embarassment are signs of virtue " .
Fellow co-author Robb Willer , a social psychologist at UC Berkeley , said embarassment was " part of the social glue that fosters trust and cooperation in everyday life ," and described it as an " emotional signature of a person to whom you can entrust valuable resources " .
The researchers were keen to point out that the moderate type of embarassment they studied is very different from " shame " , the emotion people typically express when caught cheating or performing some other moral transgression .
When people express shame as opposed to embarassment , they typically cover the whole face , said Feinberg .
The third author is UC Berkeley psychologist Dacher Kel tner , an expert on pro-social emotions .
In the first experiment they filmed 60 college students talking about embarassing moments such as making inaccurate assumptions about people based on their appearance ( for example assuming a woman who was overweight was expecting a bab y ) , and doing embarassing things like breaking wind in public .
In a second experiment , the college students played a game called the "Dictator 's Game " .
In a third experiment the researchers asked another group of 38 American participants they recruited via Craigslist , an online community featuring free classified ads and other information services , how often they felt embarassed .
The participants then played games with the actor , while the researchers measured the level to which they trusted him or not .
" ... revealed that observers rated embarrassed targets as being more prosocial and less antisocial relative to targets who displayed either a different emotion or no emotion . "
" You want to affiliate with them more , you feel comfortable trusting them ," he explained .
Copyright : Medical News Today
EVBCorpus
The Greek parliament has given its final approval to the latest package of austerity measures .
The dead man was identified by Greek media as a middle-aged trade unionist .
The government 's bill is needed to secure EU and IMF bailout loans .
The bill includes plans for further cuts to pensions and salaries and temporary lay-offs of 30,000 public sector workers .
With Greece unable to borrow on international bond markets to finance its debt , the EU and IMF have stepped in with two bailout packages .
" It is an anguished and necessary effort to avoid the ultimate , deepest and harshest level of the crisis . "
But the government is struggling to convince lenders that it is cutting effectively enough .
European leaders and global finance chiefs are trying to work out a broader plan to tackle the eurozone 's debt crisis ahead of a weekend summit in Brussels .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
If you 've ever had dandruff , with its easily seen white flakes , you probably know that it can be a little embarrassing .
This is especially true for kids and teenagers , who may already be self-conscious about their looks .
Dandruff is another name for a condition called seborrheic dermatitis , or seborrhea , specifically seborrhea that occurs on the scalp .
It 's a very common condition in kids and adults alike , regardless of age or race .
Other areas that can get seborrhea include the eyebrows , eyelids , ears , crease of the nose , back of the neck , armpits , groin , and bellybutton .
On rare occasions , dandruff can even lead to hair loss if it is n't treated .
Causes
This may be another factor in the development of seborrhea .
* shampooing too often or not often enough
Often , the first symptom someone with dandruff will notice are white flakes of dead skin in the hair or on the shoulders .
* dry skin on the face , forehead , ears , or eyebrows
* greasy or oily areas of skin on the scalp or other parts of the body
Most cases of dandruff wo n't require a doctor 's visit and can be treated with special dandruff shampoos available without a prescription .
Many cases of mild dandruff can be treated just by shampooing every day with a gentle shampoo .
The different types of dandruff shampoos include :
* Tar-based shampoos .
* Zinc pyrithione shampoos .
* Ketoconazole shampoos .
Have your child massage the shampoo into his or her scalp and let it sit for at least 5 minutes before rinsing it out .
After treatment , some people will notice that areas of skin that had seborrhea will be lighter in color than the rest of their skin .
Dandruff is a chronic condition , meaning it ca n't be cured , but it can almost always be kept under control .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
What 's Cerebral Palsy ?
A kid with cerebral palsy has trouble controlling the muscles of the body .
Types of Cerebral Palsy
Athetoid cerebral palsy affects a kid 's ability to control the muscles of the body .
If both arms and both legs are affected , a kid might need to use a wheelchair .
Another kid with cerebral palsy might not be able to speak at all .
But for most kids with cerebral pal sy , the problem in the brain occurs before birth .
Doctors who specialize in treating kids with problems of the brain , nerves , or muscles are usually involved in diagnosing a kid with cerebral palsy .
Three other kinds of doctors who can help kids with cerebral palsy include a pediatric orthopedist , who handles problems with bones or joints , a developmental pediatrician , who looks at how a kid is growing or developing compared with other kids the same age , and a pediatric physiatrist , who helps treat children with disabilities of many kinds .
A case of cerebral palsy often can be diagnosed by the age of 18 months .
How Is Cerebral Palsy Treated ?
That is why therapy is so important .
And some kids with cerebral palsy may have special surgeries to keep their arms or legs straighter and more flexible .
With computers to help them communicate and wheelchairs to help them get around , kids with cerebral palsy often can do a lot of stuff that kids without cerebral palsy can do .
If you ca n't understand what a person with cerebral palsy is saying or if it takes a person with cerebral palsy longer to do things , give him or her extra time to speak or move .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
As the years have passed , it has become more apparent that we 're incapable of learning from our mistakes , as evidenced by the subprime credit meltdown that was foretold well-before it occurred .
March 14 , 1907 : Real estate speculation and attempted company takeovers after the San Francisco earthquake of 1906 contributed to the crash 1907 , in which the Dow suffered a loss of more than eight percent , closing at 76.23 .
The resulting instability fed the Panic of 1907 .
The onset of the ordeal occurred on Black Thursday , when share prices on the New York Stock Exchange plummeted .
They attempted to flee the market while they could , but for many it was too late .
In just a matter of a few hours , the financial gains of the previous year were eliminated , and consumer confidence tumbled .
Banks and businesses closes , and many American citizens would be left destitute without their jobs or any financial assistance .
Although it was n't a one day catastrophe like the aforementioned events , it serves as a benchmark in history .
In addition to turmoil in international markets , economists have attributed it to the faltering dollar , market psychology and program trading , the latter of which was predicted by Congressman Edward J. Markey before the crash .
Boeing and United Technologies , an aviation parts supplier , suffered the biggest losses .
Investors sold enmasse amid worries of economic growth in the U.S. and worldwide , plummeting Chinese stocks and an apparent assignation attempt on Vice President Cheney by the Taliban in Afghanistan .
The struggling AIG , formerly the 18th-largest public company in the world , was spared thanks to assistance from the government , which , among other things , immediately provided an $ 85 billion credit facility .
The biggest drop , 400 points , came in just 10 minutes , not long after it became evident the bill was going to fail .
1 . Majority of WPP shareholders oppose executive pay deal .
WPP is the latest firm to suffer investor discontent over executive pay .
Shareholder advisory body Pirc was one organisation that urged members to vote against the deal , citing concerns over its " excessiveness " .
The BBC 's Northern Ireland business correspondent , Jim Fitzpatrick , who was at WPP 's AGM , said its shareholders had " delivered a message " .
Writing in the Financial Times last week Sir Martin said : " WPP has a very independently-minded board and compensation committee , which makes decisions that they believe are in the long-term interests of the company and its shareholders , of which I am one .
They reject options in favour of a long-term incentive scheme with co-investment and five-year performance periods , and are competitively fair against our big US and French competitors , which we consistently outperform . "
Growth was 1.3 % during the period from the previous three months .
However , some analysts said that the latest data showed that Australia 's economy was well placed to sustain growth .
However , the latest GDP data indicated that the trend may be changing .
" Forward-looking risks "
In China , one of the biggest markets for Australian commodity exports , growth in both the manufacturing and non-manufacturing sectors has slowed in recent months .
Michael Blythe , chief economist at the Commonwealth Bank of Australia , said " It 's all about forward-looking risks and Europe is the main source of those " .
The yield on 10-year Spanish bonds rose to 6.83 % , marking the highest level since the euro was introduced in 1999 .
Fitch downgraded the credit rating of 18 Spanish banks , pointing to the weak economy and the banks ' exposure to bad real estate loans .
And last week , Fitch cut its rating on Spanish government debt to one step above junk status .
The concern is that bailing out the banks will not solve the Spanish government 's long-term debt problems .
The bailout plan has yet to be finalized and it remains to be seen how much money the Madrid will need to banking clean up sector .
The 500 billion euro ESM would be considered a preferred creditor , which means private sector bondholders would be effectively subordinated in any bailout of the Spanish government .
The yield on Italian 10-year bonds rose Tuesday to 6.15 % .
" The bailout for Spain has backfired and the markets are putting pressure on the ECB to do something , " he said .
The ECB has purchased billions of euros worth of government debt under its Securities Market Program , which has been dormant for several weeks .
4 . Japanretail sales and household spending continues in April
Retail sales climbed by 5.8 % from a year earlier , while household spending rose by 2.6 % .
Tokyo-based economist Haruka Kazama from Mizuho Research Institute said : " The government 's subsides are pushing up sales of cars , .
" last year people did n't travel much after the earthquake , but this year we see people willing to spend more money on vacations , " he said .
However , there were a number of issues that caused concern .
The retail sales increase seen in April was less than the 6.3 % increase that many analysts had forecast .
Household spending was up 3.4 % in March .
Analysts warned that a sudden economic shock or longer-term weakness in the jobs markets could offset any economic improvement seen in April .
The Japanese yen was little changed against the euro and US dollar .
Energy costs in Japan have risen after it shut all of its nuclear reactors in wake of last year 's quake and tsunami .
Unsustainable demand
While that may be good news for shoppers , falling prices hurt the economy as companies and consumers tend to put off purchases , in hope that prices will continue to fall and they may get a better deal down the road .
These are actually going overseas , as fuel is being imported , so this is an overall negative for the economy ," said Mr Schulz .
" A lot of the increase in prices is also being driven by government programmes , reconstruction and consumer incentives , this kind of demand is not sustainable . "
For 9-month term , the average interest rate increased by 1.02 % .
The 2-week term interest rate remained unchanged at 0.94 % .
7 . Japan 's top banks forecast tough year
Analysts said tough domestic conditions meant demand for loans could be dampened in the future .
However , shares in Mizuho Financial Group ended 1.8 % higher .
For the financial year ending March 2012 , Japanese banks were able to post solid profits , as they took market share from European banks in emerging markets .
8 . Network war between China and the Philippines
On 11th May , documents of the Council on Foreign Relations ( America ) said unlike the tricks on politics , diplomacy and military in previous territorial disputes occurring in East Asia between China and Japan or North Korea and Japan , currently China and the Philippines are using the network attacks to destroy each other .
On 20th April , Chinese hackers attacked website of the Polytechnic University of the Philippines .
The hackers from China and the Philippines remained mutually continuous attacks during the 1st week of May/2012 and on 10th/May , the Chinese hackers attached the Chinese national flag to website of the Philippines News Agency .
On 22nd/April , the spokesman of the Philippines Government said : " We call on all citizens , including the Philippines citizens , to behave moderately civil . "
However , Beijing now has not had anyresponse towards the two-side attacks .
Jamie Dimon said there was " no excuse " for the bank 's mistake .
Two other high-ranking executives are also set to leave , according to US media .
Ms Drew , one of the bank 's longest-standing and best-paid executives , had offered to resign a number of times since the extent of the losses became known , they added .
JPMorgan shares fell by almost 10 % on Friday , wiping $ 14bn off the company 's value .
There 's almost no excuse for it . "
The trading loss was revealed in a regulatory filing ,and will dent the company 's profits , although it still expects to make about $ 4bn this quarter .
It follows recent economic data suggesting that the Chinese economy is slowing down .
For the nation 's biggest lenders it means they will have to hold 20 % of their assets in cash reserves .
Meanwhile , China has agreed to launch negotiations for a free trade pact with Japan and South Korea .
EVBCorpus
Paris ( CNN ) -- A judge placed France 's richest woman , L'Oreal heiress Liliane Bettencourt , under the guardianship of her grandson on Monday , her lawyer said
Last year , Bettencourt 's daughter , Francoise Bettencourt Meyers - , declared in court that her mother was not mentally competent to handle her own affairs .
Bettencourt was friends with the photographer , Francois-Marie Banier , and allegedly gave him the money .
In a statement Monday , Bettencourt-Meyers and her two sons , Jean-Victor and Nicolas , acknowledged the ruling .
" I 'm trembling , all I can do is pray .
I have a feeling I 'm going to be squashed . "
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Sir Alex Ferguson labelled his side 's clash against the Reds as the biggest club game in the world .
211 - The number of countries that the Barclays Premier League is broadcast to around the world .
500 million - The number of people around the world who managed to catch Manchester United 's 1-1 draw at Liverpool on Saturday .
70 % - The percentage of the 2.08 billion football fans that actively follow the Barclays Premier League , translating to a total of 1.46 billion people .
643 million - The total number of homes that receive broadcasts of the Barclays Premier League , accounting for 3.9 billion viewers .
EVBCorpus
Jocelyn married William this day .
At the end of the wedding party , Jocelyn 's mother gave her a newly opened bank saving passbook .
When there 's something happy and memorable happened in your new life , put some money in .
Do the others with William .
They both thought it was a great idea and were anxious to know when the second deposit can be made .
- 20 Mar : $ 200 , vacation trip to Bali
They didn't talk much .
I can't imagine how I decided to marry this guy !!! "
But before that , do one thing first .
Jocelyn thought it was true .
While she was waiting , she took a look at the passbook record .
Then the memory of all the previous joy and happiness just came up her mind .
The next day , William gave the passbook back to Jocelyn .
They hugged and cried , putting the passbook back to the safe .
When you fall , do n't see the place where you fell , instead see the place from where you slipped .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Kids who have autism usually keep to themselves and many can't communicate without special help .
Kids who have autism usually keep to themselves and many can't communicate without special help .
Kids with autism often can't make connections that other kids make easily .
A kid who has autism also has trouble linking words to their meanings .
They might flap their hands , say certain words over and over , have temper tantrums , or play only with one particular toy .
They also may insist that their toys or other objects be arranged a certain way and get upset if these items are moved or disturbed .
Kids can be mildly affected by autism , so that they only have a little trouble in life , or they can be very affected , so that they need a lot of help .
Knowing the exact cause of autism is hard because the human brain is very complicated .
Each neuron may have hundreds or thousands of connections that carry messages to other nerve cells in the brain and body .
For some reason , some of the cells and connections in the brain of a kid with autism - especially those that affect communication , emotions , and senses - do n't develop properly or get damaged .
A parent is usually the first to suspect that something is wrong .
Usually , the results of lab tests and other medical tests are normal in kids with autism , but doctors may do them to make sure the kid does n't have other problems .
The team might include a pediatrician , a pediatric neurologist , a child psychologist , speech and language therapists , and others .
How Is Autism Treated ?
Different kids need different kinds of help , but learning how to communicate is always an important first step .
Therapists also help kids learn social skills , such as how to greet people , wait for a turn , and follow directions .
Others have trouble sitting still or controlling their tempers and need therapy to help them control their behavior .
They also need teachers trained to understand the problems they have with communicating and learning .
Those with more serious problems will always need some kind of help .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
It 's OK to sleep in your eye makeup .
Mascara can flake into your eyes while you sleep .
* Lip balm
* Correct answer : High-gloss sheer lipstick
Use a lip balm with at least SPF 30 .
* Correct answer : True
* True
Just because a product says it 's hypoallergenic does n't mean you won't have a reaction to it .
* Powder eye shadow
* Lipstick
Liquid or creamy makeup can harbor bacteria more easily , so some experts recommend replacing your mascara every three months .
Which of the following promotes bacterial growth in makeup ?
* Using makeup when you have an eye infection
* Correct answer : All of the above
Throw away any makeup you were using when you discovered the infection .
* False
Some eye makeup made in other countries contains hazardous levels of lead .
* True
Kohl is a traditional type of eye makeup that can contain significant amounts of lead .
* True
The FDA does not review or approve cosmetic products or any cosmetic ingredients , with the exception of color additives , which are required to have safety testing .
* True
A product can be taken off the market only if the FDA proves that it is dangerous or breaks the law .
* Scratching the eye with a mascara wand
To avoid this type of injury , do n't try to apply mascara while driving or riding in a moving vehicle .
* True
However , the FDA classifies a product as either a cosmetic or a drug based on its intended use ; it does n't recognize any category that 's a combination of the two .
* False
But certain products may have not been thoroughly tested , so more research is needed .
Mayan tablet does not predict end of the world in 2012 , says expert
At least that is the conclusion of a German expert who says his decoding of a Mayan tablet with a reference to a 2012 date denotes a transition to a new era and not a possible end of the world as others have read it .
He said the inscription described the return of the mysterious Mayan god Bolon Yokte at the end of a 13th period of 400 years , known as Baktuns , on the equivalent of 21 December 2012 .
There is nothing apocalyptic in the date , he said .
The stone has cracked , which has made the end of the passage almost illegible .
Bolon Yokte , the god of creation and war , was to prevail that day in a sanctuary of Tortuguero .
It is being kept at the institute and is not on display .
EVBCorpus
A Chinese child who died after drinking a Coca-Cola product last month was the victim of poisoning , officials in Jilin province say .
The incident sparked a mass recall of Pulpy Milky , but police and officials say the bottles were sabotaged and there appeared to be no wider issue .
" The police 's technical tests and investigations have preliminarily confirmed that this incident is a criminal case in Changchun , which reaffirms that it is not related in any way to our product quality , " Coca-Cola said in an emailed statement to Reuters news agency .
An 11-year-old boy died after he drank strawberry flavoured Pulpy Milky yoghurt drink on 28 November .
Another mother and her daughter became ill after drinking a bottle of the same drink in Jilin a few days earlier .
EVBCorpus
Among them : that magazines look terrible on the iPad 3 's high-resolution display .
The latter pages now appear " badly aliased " -- i.e . conspicuously pixelated -- throughout the app because the images have n't been formatted to accommodate the iPad 3 2048x1536-pixel resolution , he complains .
The only exception ?
But what will the 'optimization' process entail ?
( We noticed , for instance , that Vo gue 's premiere issue was a full 408 megabytes on the iPad 3 , and less than 300 on the iPad 2 . )
Those layouts can then be exported in three different kinds of formats : as images ( .png or .jpg ) , PDF or HTML.
What you see on the desktop when you 're designing is exactly what you see on the iPad when you 're finished .
The iPad 3 applies an anti-aliasing filter to all low-resolution content , which blurs images ever so slightly .
But what about file siz #e ?
Unfortunately , he said , magazine files will be larger for iPad 3 readers because the image and video files need to be delivered at a higher resolution .
But why not render in HTML ?
Koch claimed that publishing in HTML would n't substantially reduce the file siz #es .
He said the big disadvantage with HTML is that it 's " not very good at layout out things predictably and perfectly . "
So there you have it .
IPad 3 owners will have to suffer longer download times , and wo n't be able to store as many magazines on their devices as iPad 1 and 2 owners , but that 's the price one pays for a visually stunning reading experience , no ?
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Tetanus is a bacterial infection that causes painful muscle spasms and can lead to death .
You can get it through a cut or other wound .
You are more likely to get tetanus through deep punctures from wounds created by nails or knives .
Tetanus symptoms result from a toxin produced by tetanus bacteria .
The most common symptom is a stiff jaw , which can become " locked . "
* Headache
* Sore throat
How and when should you receive the tetanus vaccine ?
You receive this over a period of seven to 12 months .
If you are younger than 65 , one of these doses should also include protection against pertussis ( whooping cough ) .
Vaccination against pertussis is especially important for those in direct contact with young infants or patients .
Which adults should receive the tetanus vaccine ?
* You have recovered from tetanus ( lockjaw ) disease .
It is OK to receive the tetanus vaccine during pregnancy .
Usually Td is given to pregnant women needing tetanus vaccination .
What are the tetanus vaccine ingredients ?
It 's important to know that in general the risk of problems from getting tetanus is much greater than getting a tetanus vaccine .
* Soreness , redness , or swelling at the site of the injection
A severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) is also very rare , but can result within minutes of being vaccinated .
* Trouble breathing or other respiratory symptoms
* Call the doctor or get to a doctor right away .
EVBCorpus
How To Be A Stock Trader In 2012
Don't Trade for Real … Yet
Finance offer virtual or paper trading accounts that allow you to get a hands-on feel for how the markets work .
Continue to use your virtual account to test new strategies .
There are two problems with this .
Read books , talk to other traders and read company balance sheets , listen to conference calls and work to gain a real understanding of the markets .
Every big city has an endless supply of weekend-long thousand dollar or more seminars that guarantee to make you the next great trader .
There are better ways to spend your money .
That isn't true in investing .
There are an exceedingly small amount of professional investors who have a consistent track record of beating others in the market .
The professionals know that if you manage risk correctly , making money will naturally follow .
The Bottom Line
Duchess of York faces charges over Turkey children 's home film
The Duchess of York said in a statement : " I stand strong in the face of the rights of children , and I remain stead fast .
A hidden camera was used during Sarah Ferguson 's visit to the Children 's Nurturing and Rehabilitation Center outside Ankara .
Opening the case , the Ankara chief prosecutor asked for a prison term of up to 22 years , six months , Turkish state TV reported .
" However , the Home Office can confirm it has received a formal request for mutual legal assistance concerning Sarah , Duchess of York .
ITV News spokesman Grant Cunningham said Friday : " ITV was made aware yesterday through media reports of charges related to our program being raised again .
The Duchess was accompanied by one of her two daughters , Princess Eugenie , to film the ITV Tonight program in Turkey .
Sarah is a former member of the royal family , having been married to Queen Elizabeth II 's son , Andrew , Duke of York .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Italian rescuers are again searching for survivors inside the wreck of a luxury cruise ship that hit rocks and capsized off the coast of northern Italy .
The ship 's owners , Costa Crociere cruise lines , are blaming the accident on human error by the captain .
The ship with more than 4,000 people on board ran aground late Friday .
However , passengers say the ship tilted so sharply and quickly that many lifeboats could not be lowered into the water .
Lower back pain
When your lower back is achy and sore , everything you do -- from reaching into a kitchen cabinet to bending over to pet the dog -- can trigger an excruciating jolt of pain .
When your lower back is achy and sore , everything you do -- from reaching into a kitchen cabinet to bending over to pet the dog -- can trigger an excruciating jolt of pain .
If you are considering medications to relieve your pain -- especially chronic back pain -- it 's also important to consider their risks and side effects .
Certain drugs for lower back pain may also interact with other medications you are taking .
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAI D s ) -- including aspirin , naproxen sodium ( Aleve ) , and ibuprofen ( Advil , Motrin ) -- are among the most commonly used pain relievers .
Side effects most commonly occur if you are taking large doses over a prolonged time ( months or years ) and can include stomach pain , bleeding , and stomach ulcers .
Acetaminophen ( Tylenol ) doesn't relieve inflammation , but it can help with pain and does n't raise the risk of stomach problems like NSAIDs do .
Opioid pain medications
Other side effects include severe drowsiness and constipation .
Muscle relaxants also can cause side effects , including sedation and dizziness .
Some drugs usually prescribed to treat depression have also been shown to help relieve chronic lower back pain , and doctors sometimes prescribe these medications to alleviate pain .
Antiepileptic drugs
Potential side effects include drowsiness , dizziness , and sedation .
Because they can weaken the immune system when used long term , they can increase risk of infection .
Botox injections work by paralyzing muscles to stop spasms .
What to do if medication does not help ?
Iran sentences American to death in spy case
Hekmati , a former U.S. Marine , was arrested in August while visiting his grandmother and other relatives , his family in Michigan said last month .
" We are deeply concerned that Amir is not receiving a fair trial and has not been afforded due process , " a family statement released last week said .
" Under any standard , this is not acceptable due process of law , " the statement said .
The Hekmatis said their son served in the Marines from 2001 to 2005 .
Fars reported that Hekmati said he worked for the U.S. Army for four years and later the CIA , where he was sent to Afghanistan and had access to secret documents .
If Iran had paid , Hekmati told the judge , he would have kept the money and lived in Iran , according to Fars .
Indonesia quake triggers brief tsunami alert
Residents ran into the streets after the 7.3 magnitude quake struck 423km ( 262 miles ) south-west of Banda Aceh .
Half were in Aceh .
In Banda Aceh , sirens blared from mosques and people fled their homes , waiting outside or in some cases heading for higher ground in cars or on motorcycles .
Case of tortured girl to be taken to Afghan president
The case of a tortured Afghan child bride that shocked the world will be taken directly to President Hamid Karzai on Wednesday , a lawyer for a women 's group said .
" We met her a couple of day ago , and when she saw us she burst into tears , " Latif told AFP Tuesday .
We will meet the president tomorrow and ask him to give her a place to live in , or else she will be taken to a women 's shelter and will be forgotten like many other women who live in those shelters . "
Gul 's mother-in-law , sister-in-law and father-in-law were arrested but her husband is still at large .
Gulnaz gave birth to the rapist 's child in prison .
EVBCorpus
In the end , all financial forecasts , whether about the specifics of a business , like sales growth , or predictions about the economy as a whole , are informed guesses .
All the methods fall into one of two overarching approaches : qualitative and quantitative .
Qualitative forecasts can be thought of as expert-driven , in that they depend on market mavens or the market as a whole to weigh in with an informed consensus .
Delphi Method : Asking field experts for general opinions and then compiling them into a forecast .
They also try to predict where variables like sales , gross domestic product , housing prices and so on , will be in the long-term , measured in months or years .
Econometric Modeling : This is a more mathematically rigorous version of the indicator approach .
Time Series Methods : This refers to a collection of different methodologies that use past data to predict future events .
This is the most common type of business forecasting , because it is cheap and really no better or worse than other methods .
1 . A problem or data point is chosen .
3 . Assumption time .
5 . Analysis .
Problems With Forecasting
Historical data is all we have to go on and there is no guarantee that the conditions in the past will persist into the future .
By having forecasts , accurate or inaccurate , the actions of businesses are influenced by a factor that ca n't be included as a variable .
Forecasting can be a dangerous art , because the forecasts become a focus for companies and governments , mentally limiting their range of actions , by presenting the short to long-term future as already being determined .
Used properly , forecasting allows businesses to plan ahead of their needs , raising their chances of keeping healthy through all markets .
EVBCorpus
The birth of three monkeys from a stem cell research program is being hailed as a major breakthrough in genetic engineering .
The monkeys were all male and appear to be healthy .
Three four out of the survived full term and are currently between four six months old and .
The three rhesus monkeys , named Chimero , Roku and Hex , are said to be normal and healthy .
That means the cells are capable of growing into a whole animal as well as the placenta and other life-sustaining tissues .
The study also suggests that cultured primate and human embryonic stem cells , some of which have been frozen in labs for as long as two decades , may not be as potent as those found inside a living embryo .
It also bodes well for curing Parkinson 's disease .
EU Agrees to Ban Iranian Imports Oil
France wants EU foreign ministers to set a date for the embargo at a meeting on January 30 .
U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland welcomed the EU agreement to ban Iranian oil imports , saying other countries should take similar action to " tighten the noose on Iran economically . "
The EU is one of Iran 's biggest markets for oil , an export that generates most of the Iranian government 's revenue .
Turkey is another major purchaser of Iranian oil .
He said Turkey wants to prevent a sectarian Cold War that he warned would be " suicide " for the region .
China criticized the U.S. move Wednesday , saying the issue of Iran 's nuclear program should be resolved through diplomacy .
Tons of dead fish appear on , then disappear from Norwegian beach .
A dog walks among tons of dead herring that washed up on a beach at Kvaenes in northern Norway on New Year 's Eve .
" It is 15 degrees below zero today , so the cold means they do n't smell .
The local mayor said they 'll likely sink in the ocean , according to the report .
Seems like a reasonable explanation .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Swimming , dancing , and soccer are all types of aerobic activity .
Angina : People with angina feel a pain in the chest that means the heart isn't getting enough oxygen .
Aortic stenosis : In aortic stenosis , the aortic valve is stiffened and has a narrowed opening .
These valves work to keep the blood flowing forward .
They open up to let the blood move ahead , then close quickly to keep the blood from flowing backward .
Your body has a system that sends blood to and from your body parts .
Veins , which usually look blue , return blood to the heart .
Typically there is a large hole between the upper chambers of the heart ( the atria ) and , often , an additional hole between the lower chambers of the heart ( the ventricles ) .
The heart has a left atrium and a right atrium .
Why older people lose their memory
Essentially small dead spots in the brain are found in one out of four elderly people .
They were free from dementia and were given MRI brain scans .
Those 174 scored worse on memory tests , regardless of how large their hippocampus was .
Since silent strokes and the volume of the hippocampus appeared to be associated with memory loss separately in our study , our results also support stroke prevention as a means for staving off memory problems . "
However , treatments to remove the proteins have not been particularly successful in improving memory loss .
He is the Herbert Irving assistant professor of neuropsychology at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons .
EVBCorpus
Top 10 behavioral problems in cats
Here 's a rundown of the top 10 behavior problems that can drive cat owners batty .
Often , it 's because the cat prefers a different kind of litter or does n't like the box .
Then watch to see which your cat prefers .
Urine marking is how cats communicate when they 're seeking a sexual partner or trying to avoid disputes .
Having a cat neutered or spayed and addressing what 's causing it stress are the first steps to resolving the problem .
3 . Destructive scratching
Protect your home by placing a variety of scratching posts with different qualities and surfaces around your house .
Then invite your cat to explore them by scenting them with catnip or hanging toys on them .
They pounce , swat , scratch , and bite .
A paper bag can give him hours of pouncing fun .
Compulsive behavior is repetitive activity that stems from an irresistible urge .
Then try to identify and remove any stressors .
6 . Hyperactive nights
Feed her just before bed .
7 . Excessive meowing
The meow is primarily for humans .
If your cat seems to meow a lot , check with your vet .
But do n't ignore her meows .
Cats are actually very social .
Ignoring your cat 15 minutes before you leave and after you return can help reduce some of the stress .
9 . Obsessive grooming
This is usually an indication of skin irritation or excessive stress .
An aggressive cat can inflict severe injuries by biting and using its claws .
Real aggression , as opposed to play aggression , can be identified by a cat 's posture .
Sometimes fear makes a cat aggressive ; other times , there is no apparent cause for aggression .
Authorities : 17 people die from toxic moonshine in southern India
At least 18 people were also poisoned by what authorities have described as contaminated moonshine in Andhra Pradesh 's Krishna district , P.V.S. Ramkrishna , the district police chief , said .
Hundreds more were sickened by it , authorities said .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The American Cancer Society says in its annual report that fewer Americans are dying of cancer , but doctors are seeing more patients with cancers linked to obesity , including pancreatic and kidney cancers .
Former U.S. presidential candidate Herman Cain was diagnosed six years ago with stage-four colon cancer .
But after having surgery and undergoing chemotherapy , Cain says his cancer went into remission .
That translates to a million lives saved .
But doctors are reporting more cases of esophageal , pancreatic , liver and kidney cancer .
Obesity is a risk factor for these types of cancers and for breast cancer as well .
" Most of my focus has been on diet , because the bang for your buck for changing your diet is really profound , " Mozaffarian noted .
" We 've had huge success in this country with smoking , " added Mozaffarian .
The policies include education campaigns , high taxes on tobacco product sales and laws against selling tobacco to anyone under the age of 18 .
The result , he predicts , will be a decline in the number of obesity-related deaths .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
There is an app for just about anything you can think of .
His most recent claim to fame is as co-developer of a brand new app called " VoiceCal . "
And it got to the point where I just was n't using the calendar on my iPhone and neither was anybody else that I knew . "
The two used voice recognition software from a company called Nuance to build " VoiceCal . "
And that will appear instantly on your iPhone 's calendar . "
ROBERT DiN OZZI : " In settings you can make it fully automatic , so I do n't have to touch anything .
Robert DiNozzi says there is a great need for an app like " VoiceCal " among busy businessmen like himself .
ROBERT DiNOZZI : " In the movie business you can do all the advertising in the world and that can get you a great opening weekend .
Matt Kozlov is the head of a start-up technology company called " Moonshark " in Los Angeles , California .
And these devices have really turned eight-year-old kids , forty-year-old moms into gamers in a way that we 've never seen before . "
Made famous by the Arthur Golden book and subsequent film 'Memoirs of a Geisha ' their lifestyle has intrigued the public even more than before .
The geisha is practically an entertainer , who through dedicated training , is a master practitioner of traditional Japanese arts like dancing and instrument playing , using these skills to entertain clients .
After a month or so , she will graduate as a maiko ( this stage in her development can take 2-5 years ) and follow her mentor , as well as engage in formal arts training and build social connections .
However , she may still be obligated to her okiya , because of the debt she owes .
Even though the concept exists today , it is not as prevalent as it was in the past .
During the program , Peter will take you around Kyoto and its geisha districts .
Combine this experience with our Kyoto tour for an exceptional and memorable experience .
The study showed three drugs given in combination killed more than 99 % of TB bacteria after two weeks of treatment .
Larger studies are now taking place to further test the technique .
About 1.4m people a year die each year from it , mainly in developing countries .
Andreas Diacon , lead researcher for the trial , said :
" We could shorten drug regimens substantially for everyone , regardless of whether the form of TB is sensitive or multi-drug resistant . "
An iceberg twice the size of Manhattan has broken away from the Petermann Glacier in northern Greenland .
A previous calving event at the same glacier in 2010 created an iceberg twice the size of this one .
" It is not a collapse but it is certainly a significant event , " Eric Rignot from Nasa said in a statement .
The calving is not expected have an impact on sea levels as the ice was already floating .
When ice chunks break loose , the land-based glaciers behind them often move more quickly , Mr Muenchow said .
A Canadian study found that every extra weekly hour watched could add half a millimetre to their waist circumference and reduce muscle fitness .
Researchers found that the average amount of television watched by the children at the start of the study was 8.8 hours a week .
" Bottom line "
US expels Venezuela 's Miami consul Livia Acosta Noguera
US expels Venezuela 's Miami consul Livia Acosta Noguera
The FBI has been investigating the comments , AP news agency says .
Four US members of Congress had written to the US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in December raising concerns about the diplomat .
However he did accuse Washington of " inventing " plots by Iran to attack the US with help from Cuba , Nicaragua and Venezuela .
EVBCorpus
Organizations are beginning to assume that the firewall has already been compromised and are relying on ubiquitous encryption to protect data across the enterprise , according to Jeff Hudson , CEO of Venafi .
Along those lines , privacy rights organization Electronic Frontier Foundation recommended that users " commit " to full disk encryption on all their computers .
Join EFF in resolving to encrypt your disks 2012 , " Schoen wrote , noting that there are several easy-to-use tools available , including Microsoft 's BitLocker or TrueCrypt .
Organizations need to make sure that all data , regardless of whether it is stored in-house or managed by a third-party provider , is protected by either encryption or tokenization , Ulf Mattsson , CTO of Protegrity , told eWEEK.
Over half said they transported data without encrypting it first , according to iStorage .
When employees leave , they may take the keys with them , leaving the organization unable to access the data .
Users have a " real desire " to take back control over the files they put in the cloud , Webb said .
As industry regulations and laws evolve to address unencrypted data , organizations will find it necessary to encrypt the data from the get-go .
" You don't have to make this overcomplicated ; even hard drive encryption and database encryption can go a long way to protect your cool data , " Heimerl said .
World economy to trudge on in 2012 despite Europe
And these could be the best-case scenarios .
All of them have suffered from slowing economies in recent months , caused mainly by tightening monetary policy in the face of high inflation .
Enormous political risks cloud the outlook further , with elections and leadership changes in the most powerful countries and the prospect of continuing turmoil in the Middle East .
" The big unknown in Europe and the U.S. is that big companies , with balance sheets in good shape , have the ability to invest at home if they want .
Reuters polls show real concern that leaders are doing far too little to stimulate growth , with the likes of Spain and Italy destined for long and painful recessions .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
To distinguish the great companies from the losers , investors should learn how to describe and evaluate companies ' business models .
So it 's not enough to say that a company sells PCs or burgers .
Does the PC maker generate most of its money through direct sales , as Dell does , or does it sell via retailers , like Hewlett Packard does ?
Their business model rests on giving away the handle and making profits from a steady stream of high-margin razor blade sales .
Remington , a manufacturer of electric shavers , makes most of its money upfront , rather than from a stream of blade refill sales .
Think about Kodak and the fast-changing camera business .
The company has established digital printing centers , where users can have their digital camera pictures printed on genuine Kodak paper .
A company 's business model is n't always obvious .
Business models can also be downright counterintuitive .
But coffee retailer Starbucks has a business model that rests on just that : having coffee shops within blocks of each other .
So how do you know whether a business model is any good ?
When business models do n't work , it 's because they do n't make sense and/or the numbers just do n't add up to profits .
But the business model that was once a source of strength for the major carriers became a burden .
As competitive carriers drew away more customers , the old carriers were left to support their large , extended networks with fewer passengers - a condition made even worse when traffic began to fall in 2001 .
For examples of business models that failed the numbers test , we can look at U.S. automakers .
Conclusion
It simplifies the job of identifying the companies that are the best investments .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The country 's Sunni minority held power under former leader Saddam Hussein .
" The series of special invasions launched , under the guidance of the Ministry of War in the Islamic State of Iraq , to support the weak Sunnis in the prisons of the apostates and to retaliate for the captives who were executed , " the group said on an al Qaeda website .
On December 19 , al-Maliki , a Shiite , ordered the arrest of the Sunni vice president .
7 great tips to help quit smoking
With New Year fast approaching , even die hard smokers start to give the habit a second thought .
Giving up smoking can be extremely difficult for people , with bad moods , cravings and that lightheaded feeling propelling people to rush and buy a pack even weeks after they successfully stopped .
The start of a fresh New Year is a great time for smokers to implement their plan to quit smoking ... and reap the health and financial benefits of a smokefree lifestyle . "
• Look into the different options available to help smokers quit .
Pick your quit date a few weeks ahead of time and mark it on the calendar .
• Get some exercise every day .
• Ask family , friends and co-workers for their help and support .
Help is available online and in your community .
In fact , research shows that people who develop a support system and use programs like Freedom From Smoking® Online have greater success in quitting for good , compared to those who try to quit " cold turkey . " "
The association has helped hundreds of thousands of smokers quit .
As Mark Twain famously said :
I ought to know because I 've done it a thousand times .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
But here 's the kicker : Samsung , a company firmly aligned with Android and one of Apple 's largest competitors in the mobile space , is manufacturing the new iPad 's flagship feature .
The component supply industry is backwards , convoluted and damn near impe netrable .
Samsung is n't just " Samsung , " though .
One such free agent is Samsung Mobile Display .
Samsung is n't the only company that manufactures displays for direct hardware competitors .
As it stands , Samsung champions a display technology for its own mobile products .
( The " Super " variety of AMOLED integrates touch sensors directly in the surface glass of the screen , increasing brightness and reducing power consumption . )
" Tens of billions of dollars in investment over the past decade . "
" The Galaxy S phones have been quite successful by highlighting the AMOLED display , " Semenza says .
For one , AMOLED displays consume relatively little power — a nice benefit of a design that requires no battery-draining backlights .
" Samsung Empty essentially owns the supply on AMOLED screens , " NPD DisplaySearch analyst Richard Shim told Wired .
Tradeoffs
What 's more , some tests have shown that the organic materials used in OLED displays have a shorter brightness lifespan than those used in LCDs ( depending on the type of device ) .
Technical limitations notwithstanding , Samsung may be compelled to stick with AMOLED displays simply for a dramatic point of differentiation in the tablet space .
" So the ( original equipment manufacturers ) are looking to differentiate their products , " Jakhanwal said .
The tablet form-factor was laughed at when Steve Jobs first introduced it .
So now the onus is on Samsung to convince us that while we should care about display tech , it 's brightness and color — two areas in which AMOLED excels — that we really need to worry about .
At least 40 patients die amid India doctors ' strike
" The profession of doctors is very noble but when their voice is not heard they are forced to go on the path of agitation , " said a letter signed by the heads of three medical associations in Haryana , Punjab and Himachal Pradesh .
The doctors , who work at government-run hospitals that cater to the poor , are demanding higher salaries and better promotion opportunities that are on par with their counterparts in federal medical services .
But so far , the state government has not budged .
The government has also tapped doctors from railway services , brought others out of retirement and has asked some private hospitals to provide care at government rates .
" Patients , they are dying , " said Dr. Ganpat Chandra Gupta , an anesthesiologist .
Some questioned whether doctors ought to go on strike , risking death and injury for the sick .
" The profession of doctors is very noble but when their voice is not heard they are forced to go on the path of agitation , " said a letter signed by the heads of three medical associations in Haryana , Punjab and Himachal Pradesh .
Philippines floods : More than 1,000 remain missing
The previous estimate for the missing was just 51 but officials say the new figure includes city migrant workers whose rural relatives did not immediately realise they were missing .
But , says our correspondent , it is clear that the scale of this disaster is far greater than the authorities originally thought .
Many of those who died were sleeping as Typhoon Washi caused rivers to burst their banks , leading to landslides .
Overloaded ferry sinks off eastern Indonesia
Overloaded ferry sinks off eastern Indonesia
There are conflicting reports about numbers of people still missing .
Dozens of asylum seekers died after their boat sank on Saturday .
Many more are missing .
The boat that sank four days earlier was carrying asylum seekers believed to be mostly from Afghanistan , Turkey and Iran enroute to Australia 's Christmas Island .
EVBCorpus
NASA scientists today announced the discovery of two Earth sized planets , named Kepler 20E and 20F .
Scientists speculate that Kepler 20F might have had liquid water at one time in its history and could have been habitable .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Hair is tied to self-image
Long , short , bouncy , or sleek -- for most women , hair is far more than a bundle of fiber .
Hair loss common in women , too
Some have hair that is thinning all over , while others see the center part gradually widen .
The average scalp has 100,000 hairs .
At any given time , 85 % of the hair is growing , and the remainder is resting .
Abnormal hair loss can occur in several ways .
Finding the roots of hair loss
In many cases , hair will grow back once the cause is addressed .
It 's helpful in documenting female pattern baldness , which affects about 30 million American women .
Hair loss trigger : Thyroid problems
But hair loss is rarely the only sign of a thyroid problem .
The body makes higher levels of androgens than expected .
Hair loss trigger : Alopecia areata
The missing patches usually grow back in six months to a year .
Bald areas can appear scaly and red .
The fungus is easily spread by direct contact , so family members should be checked for symptoms , too .
Alas , the reprieve is short-lived .
Hair loss trigger : The pill
Other drugs linked to hair loss include blood thinners and medicines that treat high blood pressure , heart disease , arthritis , and depression .
Be prepared to shed some locks if your diet is very low in protein or too high in vitamin A.
Let your hair down , and it should grow back normally .
In their quest to kill cancer cells , both treatments can harm the hair follicles , triggering dramatic hair loss .
Extreme physical or emotional stress can cause a sudden shedding of one-half to three-quarters of the hair on your head .
* Severe emotional trauma
It can slow or stop hair loss in most women and may help hair grow back in up to a quarter of those who use it .
For women with alopecia areata , corticosteroids can help regrow hair .
They 're available in some clinics and as hand-held devices to use at home .
The FDA does not require the same rigorous testing for devices as for medicines .
This procedure involves moving hair to thinning scalp areas from donor sites .
A quick Internet search will turn up dozens of products intended to stop hair loss or regrow hair .
To evaluate a hair-loss treatment , consumers can check with :
* The FDA medical devices division
Ask your stylist for tips .
You apply it to the root area and gently blow dry to build volume .
Coping with significant hair loss
Good quality wigs are more comfortable than ever .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
However , these islands are subject to territorial disputes between China , Vietnam , the Philippines , Malaysia , and Taiwan .
The U-shaped curve in the map is even less justifiable .
It was used officially by China to claim " sovereign rights and jurisdiction " over the resources of the South China Sea .
That China pushes this claim seriously is not in doubt , as evidenced by recent incidents in which Chinese vessels harassed Vietnamese oil exploration ships well inside Vietnam 's EEZ .
There is no justification for such a controversial , and , in terms of international law , illegal feature in a scholarly paper .
Kim Jong Il Dead at Age 69
North Korea 's official news agency reported Monday that Supreme Leader Kim Jong Il has died at the age of 69 .
A period of national mourning was declared from December 17 to 29 .
He may be best remembered for defying the international community and boosting North Korea 's nuclear program , while millions of his country people were starving .
Atrial Septal Defect
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Atrial Septal Defect
The heart has four chambers .
The upper chambers are the atria and there are two of them - a left atrium and a right atrium .
The heart has four chambers .
There are two ventricles : a left ventricle and a right ventricle .
The red oxygen-rich blood then returns to the left atrium , flows from there into the left ventricle , and heads out to the body through the aorta , a large blood vessel that carries blood from the heart to the smaller blood vessels in the body .
Many kids with an atrial septal defect do n't have any problems or symptoms because of it .
Atrial septal defects are one of the more common types of these heart defects .
If the hole is left open , later in life that person may develop other kinds of heart problems , such as an abnormal heartbeat .
What Causes an Atrial Septal Defect ?
In some cases , the tendency to develop an atrial septal defect may be inherited , or genetic .
Kids who have atrial septal defects may first find out that they have a heart murmur when examined by their doctor .
The cardiologist also will do an exam and listen to the kid 's heart .
A kid with a small atrial septal defect usually can participate in sports and regular activities .
In surgery , the doctor repairs the hole with stitches or a patch made out of either surgical material or the body 's own tissue .
Another way to fix the hole is cardiac catheterization .
The device is made out of metal mesh and is springy and flexible .
Kids who have had surgery or cardiac catheterization will need to follow their doctors " instructions for a while .
EVBCorpus
Maybe you 've forgotten to send a card for someone 's birthday or to return an overdue library book .
Forgetting stuff is a part of life and it often becomes more common as people age .
But Alzheimer disease , which affects some older people , is different from everyday forgetting .
It 's important to know that Alzheimer disease does not affect kids .
What happens in the brain ?
People with Alzheimer disease also develop deposits of stuff ( protein and fiber ) that prevent the cells from working properly .
Over time , brain cells affected by Alzheimer disease also begin to shrink and die .
Older people are more likely to get it , and the risk gets greater the older the person gets .
But that does n't mean everyone related to someone who has Alzheimer disease will get the disease .
How do people know they have Alzheimer ?
This stage of the disease may last for some time or quickly progress , causing memory loss and forgetfulness to get worse .
The doctor will talk to the patient , find out about any medical problems the person has , and will examine him or her .
Doctors also can use medical tests ( such as MRI or CT scans ) to take a detailed picture of the brain .
Unfortunately the medicines that the doctors have ca n't cure Alzheimer disease ; they just help slow down the disease .
You might not want to go visit the person , even though your mom or dad wants you to .
Saying what 's on your mind may help you feel better .
It can be sad if you no longer are able to have fun in the same ways together .
Japan 's Meiji recalls baby milk after caesium find
Meiji produces the milk , which is only sold in Japan , in Saitama prefecture , north of Tokyo .
The factory 's location is within 200 miles ( 320km ) of the tsunami-hit Fukushima nuclear plant .
Intel Creating New Mobile Computing Business Unit
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Intel on Dec. 14 sent around an internal memo outlining how the company is combining four divisions to create a new Mobile and Communications group that will help it better compete in the fast-growing tablet and smartphone spaces .
While at Apple , he was involved in the development of the iPhone , among other products .
Intel is the world 's largest chip maker , holding more than 80 percent of the global market .
Gartner earlier this year forecast tablet sales would grow to 294 million in 2015 .
Intel is taking a variety of avenues into the space .
Energy efficiency is the key to chips going into these mobile devices , which run on batteries .
Intel is coming from the x86 PC and server spaces , where the chips consume much more energy .
Breast cancer patients " stop drugs " due to side-effects
About a third of breast cancer patients stop taking medication because side-effects are more severe than they expect , US researchers suggest .
It found 36 % stopped their medication because of symptoms such as joint pain , hot flushes , weight gain and nausea .
Information gap
After three months , a third of patients had severe joint pain , 28 % had hot flushes and 24 % had decreased libido among a range of symptoms .
Those at highest risk of stopping before the recommended five years were those still experiencing side-effects from chemo or radiotherapy .
A further 26 % had stopped by four years .
She said : " Clinicians consistently underestimate the side-effects associated with treatment .
" Patients do n't want to be complainers and do n't want their doctor to discontinue treatment .
" We need to be better at managing the symptoms of our patients to improve their quality of life . "
" The patient information leaflets do warn patient_women of all the side effects , but it is important there is a continued discussion throughout treatment between patient and doctor .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Residents of 12 villages in the South 24 Parganas district fell ill after drinking the alcohol .
Many died at home , fearing police would take action against them .
The affected villages are in the Sangrampur , Magrahat , Usthi and Mandirbazar areas .
Local officials said some hospitals were now overcrowded .
The liquor is packed in cans and delivered all over the district and other parts of the state in buses and on trains .
Retailers sell sachets after filling them up with the liquor .
India has witnessed many incidents of toxic alcohol deaths .
Gujarat has taken the strongest action on toxic liquor with its new law which , it says , is intended to deter those involved in the illegal trade .
New Delhi ( CNN ) -- Six hospital managers arrested on negligence charges are in custody for questioning after a hospital blaze killed 91 people in eastern India , authorities said Sunday .
The six worked at the five-story Kolkata hospital that erupted into flames at 4 a.m.
A " majority " of the bed-ridden patients were abandoned by most of the staff on duty , he said .
A preliminary investigation showed that the hospital had safety violations in the basement , Khan said .
EVBCorpus
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
As many new iPhone owners can attest to , the Apple tablet is worth it .
In fact , the device has been dogged by complaints from users that it 's overheating in one area of its back casing , and others have said that they have trouble connecting to a WiFi network from the tablet .
1 . The heat issue
For its part , Apple Empty has said that the new iPad operates at a maximum of 95 degrees Fahrenheit , which is in line with its expectations , but some have said it gets much hotter .
In this writer 's experience , the iPad does take some time to charge , but it 's not nearly as bad as some people think .
For consumers who expect something new and exciting from Apple every year , the new iPad falls short from a design perspective .
There 's no debating that the new iPad is expensive .
5 . It 's a slightly smaller screen siz #e
Apple should have delivered a bigger Retina Display in the new iPad .
Arguably one of the new iPad 's biggest flaws is its lack of available ports .
When will Apple finally offer ports in its iPad ?
As of this writing , for example , a shockingly small number of apps fully take advantage of Apple 's Retina Display .
9 . No Siri
And that 's a problem .
But those who want something other than the same old iOS feel will be sorely disappointed by the software .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
President Obama on Monday ordered agencies to make wider use of digital-based record-keeping systems in what aides promise will be the most significant change to government archiving since Harry S. Truman 's presidency .
By comparison , the Library of Congress has accumulated 254 terabytes of data and more than 20 years ' worth of images captured by NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope account for more than 45 terabytes , enough to fill 5,800 DVD .
Obama 's orders are part of an ongoing push to demonstrate White House resolve in addressing the lagging economy and concerns about federal spending .
" But the wheels of the bureaucracy turn slowly . "
CREW is one of the groups that the National Archives and the Office of Management and Budget will consult on how to properly digitize records , White House aides said .
Despite those concerns , Monday 's announcement could be a boon for the Archives , which is facing a multi-year reorganization and earned the lowest ratings of any large federal agency in a recent survey of federal employees .
For some people , the ongoing push to digitize " is a breath of fresh air , " he said , " and for other people , it 's an issue of dealing with change . "
Alcohol fuels unsafe sex
A new study shows the more a person drinks , the stronger their intention becomes to have unsafe sex .
Researchers were n't sure if alcohol consumption caused HIV via unsafe sex , or whether certain personality traits in individuals , such as sensation-seeking or a disposition to risky behavior in general , would lead to both alcohol use and unsafe sex .
Everyone knows that more alcohol tends to reduce sensible decision-making and cause people to lose their inhibitions , so their findings make perfect sense .
An increase in blood alcohol level of 0.1 mg/mL resulted in an increase of 5.0 % ( 95% CI : 2.8%-7.1% ) in the indicated likelihood of engaging in unprotected sex .
" Drinking has a causal effect on the likelihood to engage in unsafe sex , and thus should be included as a major factor in preventive efforts for HIV ...
If drinking and especially heavy drinking is reduced , it would not only avoid compromising the immune system but will also lower the chance of engaging in unsafe sex , thereby reducing the number of new HIV infections .
EVBCorpus
EU members which use the euro have agreed to a tax and budget pact to tackle the eurozone 's debt crisis .
The new tougher rules on spending and budgets will now be backed not by an EU treaty but by a treaty between governments .
Mr Cameron said he had not signed up to the deal because , he said , it was not in Britain 's interests .
IMF chief Christine Lagarde welcomed the deal as " a really good step in the right direction " .
Instead , the 17 members of the eurozone will work on a separate deal outside EU treaties .
A revised EU statement said Hungary had signalled its intention to join the process .
During the talks , eurozone leaders agreed to work on new budgetary rules , which envisage automatic penalties .
the tighter rules to be enshrined in countries ' constitutions
Eurozone and other EU countries to provide up to 200bn euros to the IMF to help debt-stricken eurozone members
Our correspondent says the immediate test will be whether this agreement persuades the ECB to act more aggressively in the markets and so lower the borrowing costs of troubled countries like Italy and Spain .
The ministry announced the statistics after auditing the efficiency of a national poverty reduction programme in the first six months of this year .
The Government of Vietnam has mapped out a new poverty reduction plan , under which the country will pay more attention to multi-dimensional poverty reduction based on practical and sustainable support policies .
33 . Hon Hai to raise workers " salaries as living costs soar
Hon Hai , which employs almost 10,000 workers , said the salary increase is expected to be implemented from July .
The firm has been facing criticism over working conditions at its factories in China .
However , the increase has done little to douse the criticism.
President Obama signed a bill today designed to encourage investment in start-up businesses and also appeared to respond to Republican criticism that he promotes too much government involvement in the economy .
"That 's why I've cut taxes for small businesses over 17 times , " Obama said .
House Minority Leader Eric Cantor , a frequent critic of the president , helped sponsor the JOBS Act , and attended the White House ceremony .
The bill signed Thursday will make it easier for business owners to take their companies public , Obama said .
35 - Japangovernment agrees sales tax hike bill
He says the move is key to addressing Japan 's financial woes .
The ruling Democratic Party of Japan 's ( DPJ 's ) much smaller coalition partner , the People 's New Party , is threatening to leave over the issue and Mr Noda also faces considerable opposition from a faction within his own party .
All members of the cabinet have now signed it , Japan 's NHK reported , and reports say it will be submitted to parliament shortly .
Japan estimates that 40% of its population will be of retirement age by 2060 - meaning the taxes of far fewer workers supporting far more retirees .
Big banks , including the state-run Vietnam Bank for Industry and Trade ( Vietinbank ) and the Bank for Foreign Trade of Vietnam ( Vietcombank ) , and Asia Commercial Bank ( ACB ) , have plans to issue international bonds in 2012 .
Also , ACB general director Ly Xuan Hai said the bank plans to issue $ 100 million in international bonds in the ACB shareholders ' meeting on March 30 .
The state-owned mining firm , which had its long-term credit rating cut by Standard&Poor 's in December 2010 , was seeking a $ 150 million facility last year with an all - in rate , which included margin and fees , of 318 basis points , the source told the newspaper .
The investors of the 5-year bond with a coupon rate of 6 percent a year will receive the payment once every 6 months .
Investors in MSN convertible bonds , mostly US investment funds , will receive a 5percent interest rate for the first year , and the rate will go up 1 percent annually for US dollar lending , while the percent interest rate for lending in Vietnamese dong will be fixed at 15 percent per year .
Another big business , PetroVietNam Drilling and Well Services Joint Stock Co ( PVD ) , has also planned to issue $ 200 million worth of international bonds with a term of 5-10 years .
A solid business model remains the bedrock of every successful investment .
It also explains the sources of the company 's revenues , how much these sources pay and how often .
Does the burger company own the outlet real estate , as McDonald 's does , or does it lease the space ?
Gillette is happy to sell its Mach III razor handle at cost , or even lower , because the company can go on to sell you the profitable razor refills , over and over .
They cost much more than the Gillette handle .
Traditional film cameras generated a lot of money for the company , since users had to buy roll after roll of film to take pictures and then spend even more getting the pictures developed .
The business model that was once based on film sales and processing has become a model based primarily on photograph printing .
Consider General Motors .
Conventional wisdom says that a retailer that crams stores close to one another will cannibalize own-store sales .
Assessing the Business Model
When business models don't work , it 's because they don't make sense and/or the numbers just don't add up to profits
By ensuring that seats were filled , the business model produced big profits for airlines .
As competitive carriers drew away more customers , the old carriers were left to support their large , extended networks with fewer passengers - a condition made even worse when traffic began to fall in 2001 .
For examples of business models that failed the numbers test , we can look at U.S. automakers .
In 2003 , to compete against foreign manufacturers , Ford , Chrysler and General Motors offered customers such deep discounts and interest-free financing that they effectively sold vehicles for less than it cost to make them .
When evaluating a company as a possible investment , learn exactly how it makes its money .
Admittedly , the business model doesn't tell you everything about a company 's prospects , but investors with a business model frame of mind can make better sense of the financial data and business information .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The game will require a fairly sizable 69MB secondary download , so , for those of you who like to keep a close eye on your data , wait until you get to a WiFi hotspot before jumping in .
- Access a wide range of MIB weapons and gadgets like the Neuralyzer , the Deatomizer and the infamous Noisy Cricket .
Utilize your agent 's futuristic weapons and equipment
Ask for your friends ' help during fights to defeat powerful aliens
Have read a few reports from users not being able to get things loaded up on specific devices ( but we 're used to that by now ) .
2 - TV star Richard Dawson dies at 79
Born in Gosport , Hampshire , he played Corporal Peter Newkirk in World War II comedy Hogan 's Heroes for six years .
Family Feud was copied in the UK under the name Family Fortunes .
" He was surrounded by his family .
By then , he was known as the Cockney prisoner of war in Hogan 's Heroes , which ran on CBS from 1965 to 1971 .
He left the show in 1985 but returned for one further series in 1994 .
The 1961 painting was sold at Christie 's in New York .
Sales director Laura Paulson said the work was a personification of the art of Roth ko , who died in New York in 1970 .
Mekong River four-nation patrols begin after attacks
Security officials from Burma and Laos will link up with Chinese officers , Burmese police have told the BBC .
The patrols comes in response to the killing of 13 Chinese sailors on cargo ships travelling on the river in October .
More than 200 police from the border defence force in Yunnan province will take part , China 's public security ministry said on Friday .
But this is the first such joint deployment in south-east Asia , where China 's growing assertiveness is being watched closely .
Narcissistic men may pay with their health
This is because a new study suggests even when such men are not under stress , they have high levels of cortisol in their bloodstream , increasing their risk for developing cardiovascular problems .
Narcissism appears to be on the rise in America , and it is more prevalent in men , according to previous investigations by study co-author Sara Konrath and others .
" Narcissistic men may be paying a high price in terms of their physical health , in addition to the psychological cost to their relationships . "
These components are measured on a 40-item questionnaire called the Narcissistic Personality Inventory .
Levels of the hormone rise sharply during the body 's " fight or flight " response and help to activate key resources to deal with the immediate perceived challenge .
They were 79 females and 27 males and their average age was 20 .
Using regression analysis , the researchers looked at the statistical effect of narcissism and gender on the levels of cortisol they measured .
Konrath said : " Our findings suggest that the HPA axis may be chronically activated in males high in unhealthy narcissism , even without an explicit stressor . "
He said that aggressive coping strategies are linked to higher blood pressure and higher reactivity of the cardiovascular system to stress .
Konrath offered a suggestion :
Konrath is planning further studies along these lines .
Six Features You 'll Love in Office 15
Most of the attention on Redmond ( * ) this year is focused on the upcoming Windows 8 operating system .
But , as the de facto productivity suite for businesses , Microsoft Office is the standard bearer of the Microsoft Windows operating system .
Office 15 has the power to drive adoption of Windows 8 by taking advantage of the unique capabilities of the new OS.
Personally , I like the ribbon interface , and I 'm glad that Microsoft is extending that same functionality across virtually every product it makes .
2 . Touch Mode
According to Thurrott , Touch Mode enlarges the ribbon buttons and other controls , and spaces things out more so you can swipe and tap more accurately with your fingers .
Microsoft is planning the Office Marketplace as a resource for users to find extensions and tools to expand the capabilities of the Office software , and customize it to work the way you need it to .
However , anyone with access to the file can accept changes or delete comments , and the tracking will be gone .
Obviously the weather updates can only predict so far into the future--usually a week to 10 days tops--but , now you can have at-a-glance access to the predicted weather conditions on a given day to help you plan out your week .
Following the lead of the Office Web Apps version of Outlook , Outlook 15 will no longer pop open a new window to reply to an email message .
Microsoft seems to be going to great lengths to make Office 15 perform a delicate balancing act .
I 'm not entirely confident in the overall success of Windows 8 yet , but it seems to me that Office 15 has a lot of promise .
Iran suspends oil exports to France , UK
The order came several days after Iran threatened to cut oil exports to some European Union countries in retaliation for sanctions put in place by the EU and the United States in January , a ministry spokesman said in a statement .
The sanctions put in place last month are meant to force Iran to provide more information on its nuclear program by shutting off its sale of crude oil , which generates half of Iran 's revenue .
Analysts last week said that if Iran suspends shipments to some European countries , it would only have a modest impact on oil prices .
Iran is expected to still be able to sell its oil to places like China , India and other Asian countries , but perhaps at a discount of 10% to 15% .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Facebook had originally intended to sell about 337.4 million shares .
It is half baked .
Using the Metro UI , Skype for Windows Phone looks very slick , too .
First , you need a Mango ( 7.5 ) Windows Phone with 512MB of RAM , which means the VoIP app works only with high-end devices on the platform .
If the Skype app is not in the foreground , or if you 're in another app , you wo n't be able to receive calls via the Skype app .
This omission is especially apparent as rival service Tango Video Calls already offers this functionality on the platform .
With version 1.0 , Skype also says one of the known issues is that incoming calls , alarms , or low battery notifications may end a Skype call .
Microsoft is expected to show off Windows Phone 8 at a developer event next week , however , a few screenshots of the mobile operating system have leaked out a little early .
A DataSmart feature also makes an appearance in the leaked photos .
The maps application shows shows traffic information as well as provides re-routing information if you miss your turn .
Two hardware limitations that are currently crippling Windows Phone 's ability to complete with the iPhone and Android devices .
Dr. Maurizio Mauri of the Institute of Human , Language and Environmental Sciences at IULM University in Milan , Italy , and colleagues , write about their findings in the peer-reviewed journal Cyberpsychology , Behavior , and Social Networking .
For their study , they measured specific psychophysiological patterns in 30 healthy volunteers aged 19 to 25 during a three-minute exposure to each of three conditions : ( 1 ) while using Facebook ( via their own personal accounts ) , ( 2 ) while observing a slide show of natural landscapes ( a relaxation condition ) , or ( 3 ) while completing a Stroop test and mathematical task ( a stress condition ) .
The measures included skin conductance , blood volume pulse , brainwave patterns ( using electroencephalograms ) , muscle activity ( using electromyography ) , breathing activity , and pupil dilation .
Some researchers describe it as a state that people reach in which their skills are challenged and they are highly aroused and enjoying what they do .
The researchers conclude that their findings support the idea that the successful spread of social networking sites like Facebook might be linked to a specific cluster of positive emotional states that users experience when they use their accounts .
2012 - A Scientific Reality Check
There apparently is a great deal of interest in celestial bodies , and their locations and trajectories at the end of the calendar year 2012 .
But the stuff flying around through cyberspace , TV and the movies is not based on science .
There is no credible evidence - telescopic or otherwise - for this object 's existence .
The Mayan calendar does not end in December 2012 .
The activity of the sun is cyclical with a period of roughly 11 years .
Even if this several thousand year-long magnetic field reversal were to begin , that would not affect the Earth 's rotation nor would it affect the direction of the Earth 's rotation axis .
There are no planetary alignments in the next few decades , Earth will not cross the galactic plane in 2012 , and even if these alignments were to occur , their effects on the Earth would be negligible .
Incorrect doomsday predictions have taken place several times in each of the past several centuries .
There is none , and all the passionate , persistent and profitable assertions , whether they are made in books , movies , documentaries or over the Internet , cannot change that simple fact .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
ASF officials said as of Feb. 21 there are nearly 400 million Websites powered by the Apache HTTP Server , which has been the most popular Web server on the Internet since April 1996 .
" It is with great pleasure that we announce the availability of Apache HTTP Server 2.4 , " Eric Covener , vice president of the Apache HTTP Server Project , said in a statement .
We 've added many new modules in this release , as well as broadened the capability and flexibility of existing features . "
• asynchronous I/O support ;
• more finely tuned caching support , tailored for high traffic servers and proxies .
After McCool 's departure from NCSA in 1994 , an online community of individuals called the Apache Group formed to support and enhance its software via email collaboration .
A project management committee ( PMC ) guides the project 's day-to-day operations , including community development and product releases .
Skin cancer drug hopes raised by study
Skin cancer drug hopes raised by study
Vemurafenib ( Zelboraf ) has been recommended for approval in Europe .
Dr Antoni Ribas , a professor of haematology/oncology and a researcher at the Jonsson Cancer Center at the University of California-Los Angeles , said : " This study shows that Zelboraf changes the natural history of this disease .
" We 're seeing a significant number of patients with durable responses to the drug , and that the whole group of treated patients is living longer .
Elizabeth Woolf , head of Cancer Research UK 's information website Cancer Help UK , said : " This is an interesting , impressive but relatively small trial of a promising new-generation melanoma drug , which Cancer Research UK is proud to have played a role in developing . "
Everyone on the trial had the drug , so we cannot tell how large the benefits are , compared to people who did n't have it , or had another treatment .
Drug resistance
While it offered hope , she said , it was not a cure as the cancer eventually became resistant to the drug .
Maya people " did not predict world to end in 2012 "
Maya people " did not predict world to end in 2012 "
Bolon Yokte , the god of creation and war , was expected to return , according to Mr Gronemeyer 's reading of a Mayan text carved into stone 1,300 years ago .
Mexico 's National Institute for Anthropological History has also tried to counter speculation that the Maya predicted a catastrophic event for 2012 .
It is a marketing fallacy , " Erik Velasquez Empty , etchings specialist at the National Autonomous University of Mexico Empty , told Reuters .
Israel : Iran to Top Agenda at White House Summit
Speaking at the weekly Cabinet meeting in Jerusalem , Netanyahu referred to a report by the International Atomic Energy Agency on Friday that showed that Iran has sharply increased uranium enrichment .
The United States opposes military action , and it has sent senior officials to Israel during the past month to urge it to give sanctions on Iran more time .
But Israel is not making any promises .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
The store owner replied :
The owner explained that it had no hip socket ; it would always be lame .
But I know you do n't want to buy that little dog . "
That little dog is worth every bit as much as all the other dogs and I 'll pay full price .
He is never going to be able to run and jump and play with you like the other puppies . "
2 - 33 beautiful islands to visit in Korea
While most travelers in the region have most likely heard of Jeju , Korea’s most famous island and one of the New 7 Wonders of Nature , the seas surrounding the peninsula are peppered with lesser-known islands with spectacular views and awesome fishing .
However , the glow of dawn , the lapping of the waves and the song of birds urged me to be the first one to wake up .
Two squirrels chased each other on branches .
An Lam Villas staff picked up me at Cam Ranh airport serving the coastal city of Nha Trang .
After 40 minutes by car and 15 minutes by speedboat , I reached the resort on Hon Heo Peninsula overlooking Ninh Van Bay .
Or then there 's the choice of therapeutic spa treatment .
There was even a platform where I could sit and taste a selection .
Mangrove forests and sand dunes along the coast , streams and even a waterfall added to the enjoyment of trekking .
It fell into a large pool where we swam with joy .
On the way back to our villas , We visited a lobster farm to talk with farmers about their work .
By the end of the year , a hiking trail will be established around 65ha on the peninsula , said Cao Do Dinh Phong , a staff member at An Lam Villas .
They can also visit gardens where all the vegetables served at the restaurant are grown .
They spent nine nights at the resort , which they said was not enough for them .
What impressed them most was the service from the staff .
" We had our own waiter and cook who not only performed well , but also surprised us with stories behind the food . "
However , my far-sighted friend had brought a pack of cards , so we enjoyed many games until eyelashes collapsed .
Tamae Watanabe reached the top of the 8,848-meter ( 29,028 feet ) peak at 7 a.m , according to Ang Tshering , of the Tibet-China Mountaineering Association .
In 2002 , at the age of 63 , she reached the summit from the southern slope in Nepal .
In 2011 , an 82-year-old man died on the mountain while trying to set the record of being the oldest person to reach the summit .
By Kellee Johnson
Vung and I had met 10 years ago through a mentoring program , and now we would celebrate her college graduation with a two-week journey sampling Vietnam 's French-inspired cuisine from street stalls to swanky restaurants to straw mats inside her Vietnamese family 's home
Now it stands next to the exclusive Cartier and Burberry shops . The breakfast consisted of a dizzying array of traditional Vietnamese dishes .
One of Vung 's cousins , who is from the mountainous region of central Vietnam , suggested us take to_taste " the food of their people .
The main dish is nem , was raw beef that had been cured in spices and beautifully wrapped in banana leaves .
That was followed by a salad of cilantro , onions , octopus and peppers served atop rice cooked in a piece of hollow bamboo .
It was eaten when hot , nourishing and provided needed energy .
Next up was the Imperial city of Hue , once Vietnam 's capital , and it was here on the central coast that Vung spent her early years .
In the middle was a big , round silver platter piled with whole battered fish , white rice , soup with fried tofu , and vegetables .
For breakfast , Vung 's uncle took us to his favorite neighborhood restaurant .
From a tiny wooden table with pint-size plastic white chairs , a woman served us giant bowls bo .
Incense from the shops mingled with exhaust fumes , cigarette smoke and the occasional waft of Vietnamese coffee .
We sat down at Spices Garden for a five-course meal to celebrate Vung 's upcoming college graduation .
The last two days , we cruised in Ha Long Bay , a famous scenic for its stunning limestone rocks jutting from the water . Vung and I took an eggroll class , and as the boat cruised , I dabbed egg white on a thin rice paper and stuffed with pork and veggies .
EVBCorpus
36 - How Your Clothes Can Affect Your Mood
We can also use our clothes to help pick up our moods and portray whatever image we are going for .
If you want to feel ...
It 's important to choose a dress that is flattering on your body type and you feel comfortable makes_and confident .
This will make your waist appear even smaller and your hips will be super sexy .
A woman should have several pairs of sexy dresses in her closet that she can go to when she needs that confident boost .
Think neutral tones , like black , gray , navy blue and brown .
Blazers are the signature professional look pieces .
Many women do better by getting suit separates , since most women are different sizes when it comes to the blazer and skirt .
This is not going to be the same type of dress for your sexy look .
Leave your hair flowy and long and put a cute headband on with a flower on it .
Dictionary of American Regional English offers taste of regional US
The fifth and final volume of the massive work has just been published .
" The questionnaire dealt with all sorts of things that have to do with our daily lives - from time and weather and food and clothing and farming and plants and animals and religion , health , disease , honesty , dishonesty - all the parts of our lives that we have words for . "
The first volume , released in 1985 , contains words beginning with the letters A to C. The fifth and final volume starts with slab , a concrete road , and ends with zydeco , a kind of music popular in Louisiana .
Hall says these words can show where the people who use them are from .
Some Americans cook with a frying pan ; others use a skillet .
He recalls the excitement at a January meeting of the American Dialect Society , when Joan Houston Hall gave delegates a preview of the final volume .
I mean , it might as well have been accompanied by an angelic chorus .
So , if you look up honeyfuggle in the Dictionary of American Regional English , you 'll discover that it means to cheat or trick .
These and almost 60,000 other colorful words and terms offer a linguistic tour all around the United States .
David Okuta Osiany , secretary-general of the Kenya National Union of Teachers , says the behavior by irate parents has become " barbaric . "
The teachers must be provided with the security as government servants .
Results for the national Kenya Certificate of Primary Education examinations were released with great fanfare near the end of December .
Lower-scoring students can enroll in provincial schools , while the lowest scorers are eligible for resource-poor district schools .
" We do not actually want schools to be ranked , " he said .
" The schools should have adequate facilities and they should do the same things everywhere .
Several are in the hospital with serious injuries .
Teachers union head Osiany and other education officials say this tiered system puts too much pressure on teachers and students , pressure that at times can be deadly .
She says she thinks the focus on achieving high marks is limiting for children 's development and futures , and that those who do not fit the mold have few options .
39 . Scientists regenerate a plant -- 30,000 years on
They highlight the importance of permafrost itself in the " search of an ancient genetic pool , that of preexisting life , which hypothetically has long since vanished from the earth 's surface .
The latest success is older by a significant order of magnitude .
The study of the National Academy of Sciences , described the discovery of 70 squirrel hibernation burrows along the bank of the lower Kolyma river , in Russia 's northeast Siberia .
The permafrost essentially acted as a giant freezer , and the squirreled undisturbed and unthawed .
Scientists have known for years that certain plant cells can last for millennia under the right conditions .
40 . Scientists reveal secret of how " monkey fish " were made
While they were bought by sailors as good luck charms or by circus entertainers to display as curiosities .
It was not until March 2011 that an X-ray of the Horniman merman , revealed that the monkey half was in fact made from papier mache .
Dr James Moffatt , a physiology lecturer at St George 's University in London , explains the process .
IT was growing increasingly important in teaching , the director of the initiative , James Bernard , said .
42 - Do the dead outnumber the living ?
The idea helps fuel fears that the population is expanding too fast .
One group to have done the work is the Population Reference Bureau in Washington .
So you have a starting point and an end figure but it 's the time in between that causes the problems .
In the 20th Century , the world 's birth rate dropped from 40 births per 1,000 people per year to just 31 in 1995 , and today it is only 23 .
" Today , life expectancy is about 75-80 ( years ) and for most of human history that was not the case , " she says .
That estimate of 80 births per 1,000 people per year looks very high by today 's standards - but in fact it is conservative , implying " a very slow population growth , much slower than anything we see today " .
" It then becomes plausible to say around this time you have a billion people on earth .
There are currently seven billion people alive today and the Population Reference Bureau estimates that about 107 billion people have ever lived .
Fans of science fiction may be reaching for their copies of Arthur C Clarke 's classic , 2001 : A Space Odyssey , at this point .
But Baldwin points out he was not wrong .
This would imply a very high rate of population growth .
Because of 1000 years under the cruel domination of Chinese , there are no records which indicate that a formal education system in VietNam was established Before Christ or even under the Chinese conquers years from 207 BC to 939 AD .
But the first two dynasties Ngo and Dinh were not on thrown so long , and were busy with the national defense , the education was just in pagodas .
In 1075 the first exam was done by the order of King Ly Nhan Tong to select scholars for the office and the later year , 1076 , Quoc Tu Giam , was the first university built in VietNam 's history .
From 1918 until now , Vietnam 's education program has adopted the western educational system with three levels : elementary , high school , and college .
Toward 1975 , the estimated population in Southern Viet Nam was 25 million people , but there were 3 state universities built in cities of Hue , Sai gon , Can Tho .
One in Dalat was named after the city .
EVBCorpus
Most people only think about drinking water when they are thirsty ; but by then it may already be too late .
The test results affirm the importance of staying properly hydrated at all times and not just during exercise , extreme heat , or exertion , says Lawrence E. Armstrong , one of the studies " lead scientists and a professor of physiology in UConn 's Department of Kinesiology in the Neag School of Education .
Separate groups of young women and men were tested .
The men 's group consisted of 26 men with an average age of 20 .
All of the participants walked on a treadmill to induce dehydration , and all of the subjects were hydrated the evening before the evaluations commenced .
In the tests involving the young women , mild dehydration caused headaches , fatigue , and difficulty concentrating , according to one of the studies , which appears in the February issue of The Journal of Nutrition .
The men 's study was published in the British Journal of Nutrition in November 2011 .
Why women and men are so adversely affected by mild dehydration is unclear , and more research is necessary .
People can check their hydration status by monitoring the color of their urine .
EVBCorpus
Their study , in the Journal of Breath Research , investigated using it to help convert stem cells from human teeth into liver cells .
Small amounts of hydrogen sulphide are made by the body .
Therapy
They said using the gas increased the proportion of stem cells which were converted to liver cells when used alongside other chemicals .
However , the study did not say how many cells were actually produced .
For some women , this pain may occur during or after sex , or during bowel movements or urination .
As hormones change during the menstrual cycle , this tissue breaks down and may cause painful scar tissue .
For some women , this pain may occur during or after sex , or during bowel movements or urination .
The symptoms may be related to the location of the growths .
Most women have some mild pain with their menstrual periods .
Endometriosis and teens
The first step may be tracking the symptoms and taking pain medication , but ultimately the treatment options for teens are the same as for adults .
Infertility affects about a third of women with the condition , for reasons that are not yet well understood .
Endometriosis or Fibroids ?
The pain of endometriosis or fibroids can also occur at other times of the month .
The cells also might migrate to the pelvic area during menstruation , through the bloodstream , or during surgery such as caesarian delivery .
* Are in their 30s and 40s
* Started their period before age 12
* When the pain occurs
* Pain that limits your activities
Diagnosis : Pelvic exam
An exam can sometimes reveal an ovarian cyst or internal scarring that may be due to endometriosis .
Diagnosis : Pelvic scans
Diagnosis : Laparoscopy
The surgeon can take small pieces of tissue for examination in a lab - called a biopsy - to confirm the diagnosis .
Treatment endometriosis Birth control pills
This therapy can also be given by injection .
These drugs mimic menopause , eliminating periods along with endometriosis symptoms .
Side effects can include weight gain , smaller breasts , acne , facial hair , voice and mood changes , and birth defects .
However , a year after the surgery , about 45 % of women will have a recurrence of symptoms .
Severe cases of endometriosis may require laparotomy , or open abdominal surgery , to remove growths , or even a hysterectomy - removal of the uterus and possibly all or part of the ovaries .
Getting pregnant with endometriosis
The sperm and egg are combined in a laboratory and the resulting embryo is implanted into the uterus .
Acupuncture , yoga , massage , and meditation also may be helpful in easing symptoms .
In some cases , endometriosis symptoms may go away .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Real Madrid are ranked second , valued at £1.17bn , while Barcelona are third with an estimated value of £816m .
Tottenham Hotspur are just outside the top 10 in 11th place , with Manchester City up to 13th in the list .
Manchester United boosts revenues and cuts its debt
Last year , United said it would partially float on the Singapore Stock Exchange , but that has yet to happen .
A buyback of bonds , sold as part of a £500m refinancing operation two years ago , helped bring down the latest debt figures .
However , total operating costs - up from £96.9m to £110.8m - and net player capital expenditure - up from £11.7m to £47.9m - both rose .
Eurozone unemployment continues to rise
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
There are now 16.9 million people out of work in the bloc , Eurostat said .
" Huge divergence "
The announcement appeared to have been welcomed by the market , with banking shares rising strongly on Wednesday .
" If you look at Spain 's unemployment rate , it is up two percentage points in January and even Italy 's rate continues to rise , so I am concerned that we really are lacking the fundamental reforms needed for growth .
Meanwhile , separate data from Eurostat showed that inflation in the euro area rose to 2.7 % in February , rising slightly from 2.6 % in January .
" It had been hoped that eurozone consumer price inflation would be heading down markedly by now , but these hopes are being scuppered by high oil prices . "
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Putin told a group of foreign newspaper editors Friday in Moscow that anti-Putin protests since parliamentary elections in December were " a very good experience for Russia . "
The prime minister 's United Russia party maintained its majority in the vote .
Putin Declares Victory in Russian Presidential Election
With only one third of the votes counted in Russia 's Presidential election , Vladimir Putin bounded up the steps of a stage in front of the Kremlin and faced a sea of Russian flags and a massive crowd estimated by police at 110,000 people .
The polls and returns indicate that the Communist Party candidate , Gennady Zyuganov , will come in second .
The communist leader called the elections " illegitimate , unfair and not transparent . "
Charges included " carousel " voting , which involved busing voters from one polling station to another to cast absentee ballots .
One woman in Siberia complained that she found that her dead family members had cast ballots Sunday .
As polls started to close in European Russia , Grigory Melkonyants , spokesman for Golos , spoke to VOA.
Mikhail Gorbachev , the last Soviet leader , told the Interfax news agency that he doubts the results reflect the true will of Russians .
He told reporters , " This was the purest election in Russia 's history . "
On Sunday , as polls started to close in western Russia , central Moscow looked more and more like an armed camp .
Riot police marched in formation .
Mikhail Dukhovich , a 30-year-old pro-Putin activist , was setting up for a block party on a square in front of the looming building of the state security services , formerly known as the KGB.
A mass protest is scheduled for Pushkin Square .
31 - 6 Eye Symptoms You Should Never Ignore
Even if you can boast 20/20 , you should pay a visit to an eye-care specialist :
Behold , surprising health cues your eyes give away .
It 's might mean high blood pressure .
If left untreated , the condition can cause blood vessels in the retina and throughout the body to harden , increasing the risk for heart attack or stroke .
" The cancer can look like little raised surfaces or moles in the pigment layer of the retina , " says ophthalmologist Dr. SophieJ. Bakri of the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minn .
It might mean diabetes .
Inflammation
Another related symptom ?
It could be central serous retinopathy or CSR .
The most common symptom is that patients may also have blurry vision or see wavy lines when trying to focus on a set point .
Airborne allergens such as pollen , dust , and animal dander often affect the eyes .
32 - Pollution rise " worsens " South Asia 's winter smog
A rapid rise in air pollution from fossil fuels and biomass burning has worsened winter smog and extended its duration in many parts of South Asia , scientists and officials have said .
Experts say they have noticed that the intensity of smog has grown in the Indo-Gangetic plains in the last few years , leading to increased impacts .
" Since 1990 onwards , there has been increase in the number of ( smog-affected ) days in northern India , " says BP Yadav , director of the Indian Meteorological Department .
" Until 10 years ago , we did not have such dense fog for long durations like we have these days , " he says .
" None of our patients died of hypothermia , " says senior consultant physician Gaurang Mishra of a regional referral hospital in south-eastern Nepal where dozens of people have been reported to have died during the last three weeks that saw many smoggy days .
" It is not just about people 's health , At times , all means of transport come to a complete halt because of zero visibility and all walks of lives are affected .
" Since we have a sustainable economic growth rate , we need more bricks and the number of brick kilns is going up day by day , " admits Monowar Islam , director general of Bangladesh 's Department of Environment .
" Construction works too are major contributors for the smog in this season as they lead to more pollution in the air , " says the Indian Meteorological Department .
In its World Energy Outlook 2010 , the International Energy Agency said : " India is the second-largest contributor to the increase in global energy demand to 2035 , accounting for 18% of the rise . "
When such blankets of smog block sunlight , sending temperatures down , people make fire from wood , cow-dung cake and hay to warm themselves and that creates more air pollution which leads to denser smog .
"As a result , all the pollutants get trapped in the boundary layer that is pushed down to as low as one kilometre from the Earth 's surface while it is more than five kilometres away during other seasons .
In an article with the headline " 18 best places to retire oversea s " published in the famous American magazine U.S.News&World Report , journalist Kathleen Peddicord appreciated Vietnam as an emerging choice of foreigners .
In Vietnam , he pays special attention to the coastal city of Nha Trang .
Nha Trang 's total population of more than 200,000 includes an expat population of about 1,000 people .
The lack of a big foreign population makes it easier to have meaningful interactions with the locals .
This is not the first time Kathleen Peddicord highly appreciates life in Vietnam , especially Nha Trang .
She left America for Vietnam to wake up every morning with the sound of the rooster that lives in her neighborhood .
In the 2009 report , the UN has indicated that per capita income in Vietnam and Pakistan are similar .
But life in Vietnam is much better because this income is realized by health care and education .
Pain at the pump is nothing new , yet every few years , Americans have to wrestle with high gas prices and the nausea that comes with watching that digital dial go up and up , topping $ 4 a gallon at many local stations .
We 're going to come out of it ... by mid-summer at the latest . "
Townsend offers some practical tips — from tracking down cheap gas online to driving the speed limit — to ease the pain .
" Inflated tires save 3.3 percent in terms of fuel economy . "
Never let your gas tank go below the halfway mark .
Instead of paying $ 70 , you 're spending $ 35 .
Small changes to the way you drive can save you money in the long run .
" When you 're sitting in the turning lane you 're just waiting and wasting gas .
Traveling at higher speeds requires more fuel to overcome air resistance .
It 's a common question : Should you use the air conditioner ?
" But if you 're driving 55 miles per hour , you 're creating a drag on your car if your windows are down . "
Why roll down the windows and let the pollen in at the expense of health ?
Think again
" Around 85 percent of gas in the country is unbranded at convenience stores , " he said .
Also some stations offer one price for cash and one for credit .
35 - Scientists discover soldier bees
The study , reported in the journal PNAS , is the first known example of a soldier bee .
" Workers carry out different tasks at different ages , " explained Prof Francis Ratnieks .
To find this out , the team observed the bees " nests on a farm in Fazenda Aretuzina , Brazil .
From this examination , he and his colleagues realised that the bees were not just behaviourally different , they were also a different size and shape to the worker bees .
Prof Ratnieks and his colleagues think that the Jatai soldier bees may the product of an evolutionary arms race against the diminutive species ' worst enemy - the robber bee .
The scientists actually tested the soldier bees ' ability to fend off a robber .
They seem to " sacrifice themselves " to protect the colony , Prof Ratnieks said .
Quoc-Hung Ngo, Werner Winiwarter, (2012). "Building an English-Vietnamese Bilingual Corpus for Machine Translation", International Conference on Asian Language Processing 2012 (IALP 2012), pp. 157-160, Ha Noi, Vietnam
( CNN ) - Oil prices spiked to their highest levels since 2008 on fears that tensions with Iran have the potential to disrupt supplies through the Strait of Hormuz .
The price of a barrel of brent crude hit $ 128.40 a barrel and eclipsed $ 110 on the New York Mercantile Exchange after a disputed report Thursday on Iran 's Press TV and other Middle East outlets of a pipeline explosion in Saudi Arabia .
The price of North Sea brent crude has risen more than 15 % this year , while NYMEX crude has risen more than 8.5 % on growing tensions surrounding Iran and fears that may lead to the closure of the Strait of Hormuz , a critical pathway for petroleum exports .
While worries in the Middle East have caused a spike , oil prices face longer-term pressure due to increased demand from China and other emerging economies .
Last year , 18 million vehicles were sold in China , compared with about 13 million in the United States .
Obama on soaring gas prices : No silver bullet
The growth has helped buoy Western economies struggling with tepid growth and the threat of recession .
Not as high as UK
So volumes are picking up much , much faster than costs are picking up for corporate Japan ," Koll said .
EVBCorpus
Nokia has launched three new advanced feature phones with touchscreens offering a " smartphone-like " experience , the company said on Wednesday .
All are based on the S40 platform .
In addition , the Asha 305 has Nokia 's Easy Swap Dual SIM technology , which allows SIM cards to be swapped without opening up or turning the phone off , according to Nokia .
The HSPA phone is powered by a 1GHz processor and has a 3-inch display , a 3.2-megapixel camera and a micro-SD card slot .
On the software side , all future owners of the three phones will receive 40 games from Electronic Arts to download for free , excluding the cost of the data connection , according to Nokia .
The Asha 305 will be available in the second quarter , while the Asha 306 and Asha 311 are arriving in the third quarter .
The phone runs Android 2.3 and will first go on sale in the U.K. , costing £70 ( US$ 108 ) with a pay-as-you-go subscription .
